I choose topic two. Okay my most impressed country is Australia when I was fifteen years old when I went to Australia first at that time it as a mm program of my city to and the member was the junior high school students and we went to Australia for two weeks that's my first foreign country so I was impressed the wide wide area and wide area and yeah and in Australia I live in Australian home I stayed with my friend and the family has four members the the daughter was as old as me and I went to her high school the high school was so beautiful and it much Australia's nature . Yeah. in the country sides I saw some I saw many cows and some other natures I like natures very much yeah that's all. yeah yeah of course koala in the zoo I tou touch the koala but the koala hang koala's doll in his body and so I I touch two koalas one is animal one is doll ye koala is so pretty yeah. koala is so soft before I touch the koala is so tight hard hard feather but he has very soft feather yeah. yeah. Yes my host father was policeman he is very ta to high position in Australian police office so he drives very expensive car and we dri ride on the car and yeah and my host fa mother is high school teacher so my daughter goes to eh the daughter in the host family goes to her mother's school yeah and there are little or little younger daughter she is she was big she was bigger than her old sister . yeah I didn't find anything but I found their foods in Japan we rice we eat rice and mostly we eat fishes but in Australia they eat meats and er: at on the first day at the host family we went to McDonald's. Yeah that's was our dinner I was surprised at the dinner. McDonald's with dinner I think McDonald is snack for us yeah yeah . Yeah I went to America and Malaysia. yeah yeah of cause I went to Boston erm?Boston is different from Australia the town is very old but Australia is new. And Boston when I was in Boston I didn't like Boston because Boston my image of Boston is dark and cold but after I coming back Japan Boston is very beautiful coun town city yeah. I often read trip guide of America and in that book there are some Boston's picture when I saw that picture I: I I I remember Boston's town and . Boston is I I have been I have never been to Europe but I think Boston is very very alike like to European country yeah. Malaysia was very exciting I was in Pennan Island in Pennan Pennan is next to Malaysian Malay Malaysian Malaysia in Pennan oh yeah there are some citizens in Pennan when Indian and: Malaysian and some Chinese yeah so it was melting pot like a melting pot but Pennan has very beautiful seas natures yeah also the: cost is very cheap so I can eat steak at one about one thousand yen at very expensive restaurant. it's humid not humid but hot and we have ever everyday we had rainy on the in the evening. Oh yeah not so cool warm it's warm yeah and in the noon it's so hot so I can swim in the sea and I can sun-burn yeah. yeah on December I will go to Los Angels and Las Vegas. Yeah . I think she is so: she is she is I think she is she is I don't know the words she is I think she she is she is a model she she doesn't like poor painting. I think he is good at painting yes number two's picture is good I think. Yeah yeah he is good at painting I think yeah. Thank you very much. 