yeah. happiest memory. My happiest memory was Christmas time. I left Japan in January so Christmas time was almost end of my exchange year. And because of course I'm not a Christian and because I'm from Japan I've never experienced such a: fun event. Yeah and before Christmas we had to prepare a lot of things like my host mother it was a good cook so she prepared the Christmas cake like two months before the Christmas day. Because she puts icing on the cake we can keep the cake for a long time. So I helped making cake and most people write Christmas cards to a lot of their friends. And relatives. And and: of course we exchange Christmas gifts and before the Christmas day we put we placed all the gifts under the Christmas tree and the Christmas tree is a real tree so I and my host sisters went to pick up a tree. a real tree yes and on the Christmas day all the family gather in my host family's place and we had Christmas dinner and in the afternoon we went to my our host my host relative's place to celebrate the Christmas day and that was really special for me. Yes. I think for: Western country people Christmas is the most important thing oh I should've said that for the Christian people it's the most important and a special even for them and I think it's good and I enjoyed it very much but instead of having Christmas in that way in Japan we have New Year and I really like New Year in Japan yes. saddest thing saddest memory well okay cause I was sent by an exchange group. Called AFS. There were some other exchange students from all over the world and at the end of the year I had to say good-bye to them. And of course good-bye to my host family was the saddest time for me. I cried and they cried yes. Thing. Or a place. Okay if you go to New Zealand first time you first should go to the south Island there are two main islands in New Zealand. One in the north and one in the south south island is the area is bigger that north island but the population is much less than north island. we only have twenty five percent of total population in south island. And where the town where I lived is in the south island and there are I think there are more places to see in the south island. For example like we have hot springs. Yes and we have a lot of treckin trecking courses in south island. So if you like going for a tramp you should go to south island. And of course you can see many many sheep . As it's you know it's a symbol of New Zealand I think and you can see kiwi bird do you know about this. Yes and and there is an island called Stuart Island down south. And it's a: an isolated island and the there only like five houses or hotels. In that island. It's a very special island. And and the people in New Zealand the people in New Zealand try to protect the island from you know from em: from the harmful things like they are very careful at those things to protect the island but you can see the native kiwis there. you should go there. And. if talking about food. I recommend the ice cream and chocolate. I think ice cream in New Zealand is the best in the world. yes why because it's creamy. And it's tasty and fla flavour they have variety of flavour. Like like they have basic flavours all the basics flavour chocolate vanilla strawberries and they have ice cream that it's got jellies. In the ice cream and chocolate bars in the ice cream caramels in the ice cream and I recommend chocolate as well. 