Hello. My name is . . I'm fine thank you and you. our school name or . My school is Showa Wome Women's University and I I I I belong to English English American literature and I'm third grade and my school is my school has my school has a really five thousands or there are many native native speaker teacher and we can we can take other other course other course classes. I study English English linguistics. especially I study English English teaching how how to teach or something and I I want to be a teacher so it it's useful I think and I like I like native speaker's class and it's so it's so hard to hear and understand but my speaking is so poor but before I entered this sch this university but I when I when I come came to this university and I hear I hear a lot of English so maybe I I think my my my spea my speaking ability be became good better than before. Family. my my father my family consists of my father and my mother and my sister and my father work works at Takasaki so he he lives alone and he he he came back home a day two days in a week so I I can't see him every day and my mother works at hospital and she she works she works desk work and but but this is part time job so she she can house working so but it's her and my sister is nineteen years old and she she go to she go to Toyo University Toyo Toyo College and to and she . she also study English. . . yeah okay. . Okay I'd like to talk about topic three. my my favorite film is Wizard of Oz. it's when I was chi child my I saw I saw that film and my my mother like musical. So I I saw a lot of musical film. And Wizard of Oz I when I was in Boston Boston and I we went to we went to Saint Michael's College and my teacher tell me told me about Wizard of Oz. And I I I don't I didn't have confidence. So I mm so I I said her I said to her I don't I didn't I do have confidence and then my teacher said to me I you have few you don't have confidence but I but I ga I can't ga give you a confidence so but but a a confidence is not not unseen. a confidence we we can we cannot see a confidence but but but I can I can have it . Yes chara characters don't all of the characters ha want to have a courage or brain or heart but but they they think they think. they don't think they have they have they have courage or something but but in fact they have it they have that so I I find I know that the courage or something is a thing but that is that are they already have it. 