Yes I'm . Yes. I'm fine thank you and you. . About. Family . We're five members my father mother my s older sister and grandmother and I. My father and mother works at my house my house is rice shop and my sister is a school teacher. special school for children who can't move the their body or and and my grandmother is eighty one years old. She is pretty fine. and my father is teacher. And he he likes that and h he has a place for practice . In my house. And my mother angry that and . . He always think about that. And he mother said he doesn't think about family . But I don't think so. But my mother only angry . . no. I wanna be an English teacher. So my sister does not work at my house. And neither and I don't work at my house. So may be rice shop. Will be closed I don't know. when I was in junior high I met a very special English teacher. And I decided to be like him. So I started to study. About education and English. . . typical. . I live in dormitory. And I I wake up at around seven thirty. And I I have breakfast and. come to school. And study after that I often go: some coffee shop with my friends. And go back dormitory. And I I wash my clothes. And for do something around my my life about washing or something like that . And I I always sleep about one or two hours. And after that I have dinner. And I take a bath and talk with roommates or other friends. And I sometimes study. And after that I sleep. Yes but when I was in the first year student we have to live in the dorm. That is very strict dormitory but from the next year the rule is very many rule changed. And very useful to live for me. And there're one more only one more year so maybe that is clever to con continue to live in dormitory. yes okay I do this Topic Two . I the country is America. when I was in first year student I went to Boston in America. That is the first time to go: abroad for me and everything was new. And interesting for me but everything i was English. And I was a little nervous. And I I was very surprised. And I studied about America but I didn't know all about America and English. I studied a lot from visiting and I made many friends. And and I I liked English but once I hate English because I can't use very well. So and I hate myself I can't use English. But I thought again I I'll be myself honestly. And I decided to: study more en about English. And I I I I visited many place in America. So that was everything was beautiful and curious about for me. So I I forgot something and I remember something but that is very interesting for me. I was wing leader. So I I have to speak many English. And to say something about every student in wing. And I I have to talk with RAs or many teachers. So that was very hard. But that interesting and useful for me. And I thought that was the practice for being a teacher so that is the most impressed thing. Thank you. 