I chose topic one. I would like to talk about my my junior and senior high school memories and I was belonged at the softball club and I was from Showa junior high and I played softball for five years because I I came I cam I come here Showa University as a so that was one reason to chose it and I play I was in the position of left fielder outfielder. and but I I couldn't throw a ball very well . But yeah it got better . Through practice practicing but yeah and in our grade there were ten players so and softball is played by nine players so sometimes one of my a mates can't couldn't couldn't couldn't join the game but it was so interesting and the biggest memory I I got from this experience we got the we won the prize of Setagaya and Shibuya Ward and and also we we joined Tokyo Tokyo we we went to the tournament of Tokyo to. But of course we couldn't win the strong stronger team but I softball is a team play team sport and through this this experience I learned to cooperate. With other player of course and also to pai be patient and and I personally I want to be a teacher in the future so yeah someday I want to be a teacher of some kind of team sports club ha-ha. Yeah I hope to be a teacher of softball club of course and yeah . softball okay the I think the biggest differences are the length of game the game in baseball players must play nine nine I don't know how to say in English but the so a baseball have nine nine sides but softball in softball we players must play seven sides and and of course not not not ah not all baseball but softball softball players use wooden bat to hit but a a no a steel stainless bat with softball bat in baseball we can see in the television they have wooden bat and the there are some differences to steal steal the base before throwing the ball a pitcher before a pitcher threw threw the ball players can't can't go away from the base is softball but you know in baseball it's different. yeah I don't know I did sports but I I like to swim and my father likes to play golf so sometimes yeah I do yeah but the softball is the biggest one I think. but few years ago there was a some kind of booms to play softball cause and many people saw the the strong women threw the ball in Olympic game. I think but but it's not so popular but but or many schools have a softball club I think so yeah . . and these women saw the picture yeah that's it. 