Hello. I'm . Yeah. I'm good and how are you. Yeah. my major that mean. my major is English and. And my I'm looking forward to I'm interested in a phonetics. And semantics. That's very interesting subject I think. Chiba prefecture. almost by train it takes it takes one and half hour. To here because I don't wanna live in dormitory. So I try to. Come to. By train but sometimes it is hard to. Me because the train is always crowded. But that the nice sometimes that's good because I met friends. in the train. And talk to her sometimes that's interesting. I'm not suit to live other other people I'm the I'm I am I think the privacy is very important because I know that the dormitory has a privacy but in in my in my home I. In I have my room. Own own room. And I have a big times to spend. Myself. Yeah. my parents and a sister and she now she my sister is my sister is in Tai Taiwan. Because from today to Thursday she she go to Taiwan as a school trip. So. This week she doesn't but I'm and she she is very funny. And but that the this week that's little bit. My family will be little bit silence. But also I'm interested in I'm looking forward to talking with my parents. no no no oh old not older sister younger sister. She is high school. yeah. Usually. I like reading books. So I rend a book and read it that's very in that's kind of my hobby. So I try and a the books tell me very important things. so. I like reading. sometimes Sakura Momoko is very funny. She is her words makes me funny. Happy so that's very. Nice book I think. how. she she she try she doesn't I can't. I can't tell well because but she's she try to be as she try to be what she is. So that's very she . That's very good I think I envy her. That's very original style. yeah. okay number two. Topic two. well I graduated the junior college. I and with my friend go wen went to Singapore. As gra graduation trip that Singapore was very beautiful because no we can't we can't bring the ga gams. And that the road is very clean and the people is very kind. And people try to understand what I said. And of course that the major language is English but they try to speak Eng not English Japanese. So that's very warm people. And they have they feel their language and the culture they felt that that the import important things. And but they also respect the Japanese people. The Japanese brings many industrial things so that many people have try to make contact with us. That was very impressed. Also and that there is many of course shopping places that and the al almost all customers are sightseeing. Sightseeing people but the local people try to try to speak to us. of course that that one reason is to sell the things. But they try to understand the Japanese learn Japanese from us. And also they are very kind because we hav we have a guide. Guide guide people but we lost our way. The guide is go the guide is going while we lost the way. But the we at at that time when I we asked the people. They try to understand what I said. And then they they brought us to my to our hotel. And take catch caught the taxi. And tell the hotel name hotel name. And where where is so we can we have a very safety not safety but. That we have a many communication with. The local people that was very good experience for me. in Boston we couldn't walk around at night. But we can do it in Singapore. There was very beautiful views night views. Of course and then riverside is very of course nice views and many local people visit there. So we can have a conversation with them. There was very interesting place. 