My name is . Nice to meet you too. I'm very fine how about you. Myself. what kind of. Anything's okay. Okay I I have my sister and I have my brother it's al they're also older than me. And my sister is also student of Showa in . And then I have parents. And I lived in Yokohama for twenty years. And I I studied from junior high in Showa so. And I'm . what else do you wanna know about me . Yes. No it takes thirty minutes by train. . Yokohama. my home town is near Yokohama but kind of very near to Tokyo almost Kawasaki. Or Tokyo Setagaya . So from childhood I don't really go to Yokohama city. I almost go to Tokyo. So I don't think my. Hometown is Yokohama but still the name is Yokohama I feel. very good place I feel. Hobby. Okay hobby actually I don't know what is my hobby because I'm so busy now to go to school but if I have time I wanna watch movie or I want to. Read or recently I start to how to say making muffler or sweater I don't know how to say that but I do this kind of a thing recently. I made one muffler already. . Okay. . And think for a while what you are going to say. Okay. . . Three to five minutes. okay I would choose Topic Two. actually I live in Japan and I just visit to Unite States it's the foreign country that I have ever been there. And then I think I went to United States almost five or six times and different states last year actually last summer I went to Los Angels California and then I went there and stay in. Los Angels for a while and I went to different states and I felt in the United States actually I forgot how many states in there but I feel the United States is America is not kind of not only one country like New York and Los Angels is totally different. And middle of the states is also different like if I went to Los Angels. There is a lot of Asian people. If I went to the middle of states like Idaho or I forgot the name like Idaho I went to Yellowstone to the middle of the states there is middle of the states. The national park and then it's kind of a. Country side my friend said and. I feel there is totally different from Los Angels and then there. Yellowstone. So it's impressed me that every kind of big cities every kinds of people live in one country and then totally different life. but still they think it's one country. and then other world people also think it's only one country called the United States of America so it's very interesting to me and then first I visited there is from when I was fourteen years old. And it was also very impressed me and then because of the trip study English. But I couldn't communicate almost nothing. I just say hi and I I just answer in Japanese. So I feel this country is my favorite country and. I feel it's so big and then very interesting country for me. Yes. . Favorite city. I prefer New York more than prefer New York to Los Angels. I feel New York is actually very I feel similar to Tokyo so. More feel comfortable I feel comfortable more than Los Angels or other states then in New York I feel comfortable because. I already get used to Tokyo life. And I then also feel there is a lots of museum or lots of things in already on place. And I can feel their life is so hot or they have powerful. And then when I went to Los Angels I feel its also comfortable big countryside. And there is a lots of Asian people or lots of Mexican people I feel and then I feel in California they are living like they're enjoy their life don't care about their works or something but I feel it's a kind of boring for me to live there so I prefer New York but Los Angels. Yes someday I wanna go to New York again. But I don't wanna live there because. Kind of dangerous. I feel I feel. Like If I go to Fifth Avenue or something very famous place. Maybe it's safety you know. But if I missed a way like I choose wrong way like. Not Fifth Avenue like I forgot the name of the street but if I forgot to go to how to go there. How to reach there I cannot ask somebody because New York people is kind of somewhat like Tokyo people never care about something like this and so I feel about so homeless or something so I don't feel really good about safety in New York but to visit is kind of exciting for me. Thank you. 