I chose one topic one. Yes I my impression impressive experience is I go to I went to Boston. It's first experience I went to foreign country. And also its first time I live . Part apart from my parents. Yes it's very wonderful because in Boston we have to choose everything myself. And from morning till evening. All night it's it's my responsibility. And also classes are very acti active. In Japan we learned English but many native speakers can speak Japanese. So when I talk to native speakers I think maybe they know Japanese. Little or more. So: sometimes I use Japanese. But then in Boston we have to use only English. And we have to express my feelings. At the time exactly sometimes using gestures. Or face expressions. Face expressions. yes. And they also don't know Japanese culture exactly. So between they and I. There are some intercultural differences. It's very difficult. Yes. yes I would. But I want to go another country. Not America. I want to many country and learn their culture. For example England. Or Canada or some somewhere. Yes. . . First feeling when I went to back to Japan. I just feel Japan is small . But after I meet met Japanese people and I looked Japanese people and I think difference is attitude of Japanese I think American people are very American people are very posi positive. And if they want to challenge something. When they are old age. They they try. They try and they think positively. But I feel Japanese people are very they want to protect themselves and. Their own culture. And their situation they are in now. . maybe some Japanese people try. But. But I feel Japanese people are very protect protective. Yeah. I think I want to try and I want to learn. From American thinking American thinking. . yeah. . when my example is my host host mother. She was maybe she is forty near fifty years old. And they're not she doesn't work. In full-time job but. Her hobby is making jewelry. So she she always make jewelry in her house. It's only hobby. But when I went to Boston she told me she want to study jewelry jewelry-making. And she want to teach. in the future. Yes. And and I another example is my friend's uncle. He is Japanese. But he lives in America for a long time. And she he has he has a job job and sell selling he sells . Clothing. And but recently he cam went back to Japan and he think he want to try to open a . Noodle shop and he is fifty late of fifty. But he he his thinking is very challeng challengeable. And he now he think he open a noodle shop in Japan and he want to to open hot dog shops in America. and if in Japan maybe late of fifty age people think like that maybe. Yeah. no. now prepare . now preparing. . Now I think I want to I want to go abroad and study more English more in the future but now I think I want to teach English. For small children. . if I can teach in elementary school. Then I want to. . . Yes I I had been there for six months. So I went to many places in Boston and other I went to Canada. And New York or Washington in long long field trip. 