I decide topic two. Yes in this sum summer I went to Scotland and. Where my mother's friend live and my si younger sister visited Scotland two years ago. And Mrs Jean invited me to: go Scotland . and yes and I went there about ten days so it's very short and I experienced many things. And especially I admired a beautiful nature and beautiful city and palace is one of the Scotland ci city. And it was once a capital city of Scotland. Until fifteen century and the city is very clean. and people decorate many flowers and the city is once award. to is to yeah flower city in Scotland so I I saw many many flowers a flower baskets and the flower vase in the city around everywhere. yes I took many pictures. It's memorable thing. I visited old castles and in palace able Scot palace. And it is old house of Mansfield year. And they live long times generation to generation and there are old furnitures and da dining room is very beautiful. And there're many china from many countries. because mis Mrs Jean has now company for going took like coordin a she has a job for coordinator of host family. So she search many host families for. Foreign students. She also she also spent many foreign students. In her house. I learned in English and I went Korean Korean child children. And we go to: castle and we did bowling . it is one of the sports. Sport. I'm I'm not so good player . But they they are very they the they are four boys. stay s Mrs Jean's house and they're very active. yeah . explain bow bowling. to: throw straight way . so the ball ball so that ball. Straight. ball. it's a smaller than volley ball. It's very heavy. and heavy ball. in the like bowling center. . same game. no. No . Yes. I have one only one experience. I can't remember. but I'm not good . No . the friends my friends . . They are Korin Korin Korean boys. . Yes. Yes. Yes. she Miss Jean tea taught about Scottish culture. And in that class I learned that British people esteem old for example a they want to live old houses rather than new house and they esteem old furnitures they use it generation to generation and so in Japan we don't think to live in the old castle. But and we want to live new house. But they don't think that way. So I think it's different culture difference. And to esteem old thing is good thing I thought. . I learned I learned about media. And media and I learned the British people how three types of newspaper. And an upper class people the newspaper that upper class people read and middle middle class people rea read. And other. And if I learned it different. And middle class people read express. And I forgot the upper class people read read the newspaper contained and. Business and economic. And it's a very difficult difficult express . and but and also it express contained business but sun maybe sun. Is a under. Class the paper. Is not contained business. . Yes. no only . Yes. Two class in one day. and. only eight days. yes. yes. yes . 