Hello. My name is . I'm fine and you. yes. I am Showa Women's University student and my major is En English language. And there're about one hundred and eighty students in I see junior year and I'm in junior year. I like my university when I was in second grade I went to Boston and our school we have Boston program so I like it very much. yes I went to Boston about three months and half. And I stayed with my friends. I learned English and culture with my friends. And there are many American teachers. Yes very much. Yes there are three people in my family. Father and mother and me. And my father is forty six years old. He is a teacher at junior high school. in Tokyo and my mother is forty four years old and she is house wife. Yes . . when I was a child I want brother. because I want the person who play with me in in my house and it's not my mother or father just like same. Age so I want brother. But now I think only child is good . because I can use my room whenever I want . And I can use my house like for example TV. There are many friends who quarrel with his or her. Brother or sister so I think I can use something wha whenever. I want so I like it very much. many many days I spend time with my family or friends and for example when I spend time with my friends I went to shopping and when I spend with my family I I can drive my car so I took my mother to my grandparents' house and I spend I I talking with my families. yeah I like music very much and I I'm joining in band and I'm singing. So I like singing songs very much. because when I was junior and senior high school I joined green club and I was a conductor. So I I feel the I feel musics music is very calm calm so and if when I I sing songs somebody hearing it they became very peaceful so I like it very much. yes. okay . All right I I want to say about topic two. when I was a child when I was four years old I went to Burma with my family because my I told you that my father is was is a teacher and she he wanted to teach teach to Japanese to who are living in other country so he took test and he decided to go to Burma so my my mother and I went to Burma with him and I stayed there three years and I went to Japanese school two years and American school one year and when I I was was in elementary school Japanese school there were only six people in one class and I spend much time to learning many subject by not using text book just like playing games or talking with friends like that so it was interesting for me and I what I impressed very much is their culture when I went to market with my mother and father there were many things there were many things that I haven't seen like the face of pig or cows it was . Very unusual for me for not for me but all Japanese people Japanese and what yeah and I that I tell you that I told you I went to American school there were many people from man many child who is from many country not only Burma or America the United States like they were from South Africa or Italy England so I played with them and learned some English just a few words but it it was a very good experience for me that's all. Okay . yes. yes. yeah. in Burma they they are they are they express about their culture in school or when whenever or wherever but in Japan this this university they have the same background and they sometimes don't say their feelings or what what they are thinking about but in Burma they say many things when they think something or whatever they want to say so I like it very much. 