Hi. My name is . Yes. Fine thanks and you. Yes. School. I go to Showa Women's University. And I'm a junior year. And I'm studying English literature. my major is communication so I have many communication classes like interpreting or intercultural communication. Oh okay it's very hard for me in in every day in every every classes each two students have to have to speak have to have two minutes speech in front of the class classmates and after that we listen to CNN news and we have to interpreting we have to do interpreting from English to Japanese. Yes . okay there are fou four people in my family my father my mother and my brother and myself but now we live separate because I'm living by myself in Tokyo and my parent and my brother lives in Ibaraki prefecture. Single life . Okay on this on last April I start I started to live by myself so now I'm I'm adjusting the new life and almost every day I cook my meal and I I have to clean my room by myself but it's fun. . Yes I have hobbies I like playing the piano and I like mov I like I like watching movie but usually I have a part time job. And I go working I go to working. I teach English and Japanese to junior high school student at private. School. okay twice a week about twice a week I go to private private school and at one time I have to teach English for three students and I sit down next to them and if they have a question they have to ask me teacher and I also have to give the exact answer or sometimes. I have to explain the structure or word meaning. Teaching I don't know exactly but I'm interested in Japanese teacher for foreigners so maybe I like teaching something to people. So and of course I can get much money . Through this job. I don't think so . Because because I have a future dream so it's diffi different so teaching English for students is just my hobby hobby just my job. So in the future I want to speak English or use English to not only the students but also many different people. okay I wanna be a flight attendant in the future. thank you . okay . Yes. Okay I choose topic two. And last September I visited the United States it was the second time for me to go there but the first ti in the first time I went there with all Showa students to Boston but in that in this time I went there by myself and I went to the language school and and I visited the San Francisco and I stayed in club and the most interested thing for me was was making many friends from many countries so since that the trip was second trip for me I can adjust myself more easily than that the first time but in this tim in this time I have to speak English all day in order to communicate with many people from other countries and I met some European friends and at first time she had a stereotype for the Japanese or Asian people and when I heard about that I really sh I really I was really shocked because I am Asian people but gradually she she can understand me and she can communicate with me and or other Asian people and finally she said I'm interested in Japanese I'm very glad so we were in the United States but we had a great experience in the United States so of course I met many American people and I like them but same as American people I like European people I can I could find I like people so it was a great experience for me. . yes. Oh at first time we had a same class but we separated we sit sat separate separately but one day teacher said to the class classmates you should change the seat every time so one day I could have a time to sit next to her and suddenly she asked me tell me about your Japanese words something and I'm very glad and I told some Japanese word some easy word like was fascinating word for European people because they don't they don't use the word before meal and also I asked her and tell me about your country's word she is from Germany and I I learned about some easy Germany word and we can get to know each other more than before and after school we went shopping each other or we went no we played the table table tennis we had a good time. Your welcome . 