Topic three. I saw the movie: it was a preview movie it called Six Sense the movie was the: the movie was very impressed and: the child ac actor is very very good actor and he can he can cry many time and it was rea really natural natural tears so and story is also very also has very something surprises a at the end of the story so it was ve very interesting for me and: the story the content of story is the person who who is the psychological doctor and: child who can see the ghost at first everyone believe the ghost and he said I can see the ghost but everyone can't believe so everyone everyone st treat him the child as a stran strange child and th they thought he something wrong with his spirit and the doctor is psychological doctor so and at first he also didn't believe him believe the child but he he had a: same child at past and maybe he can also see the ghost but he didn't be didn't believe the ghost and the: child grew up grew up then: he should should the doctor then after that the story erm: story after that he: he met the child again like his past so erm: at last finally the doctor was dead doctor was also ghost and the child can see him then he he maybe he help doctor to contact him cause he only he only the child can see the ghost the ghost was doctor. Erm: and: the child's mother: didn't believe the cha believe believe her: child and her child can see the ghost. But at last the child said to his mo mother I can see the ghost I can see your: mother I mean I can see the gran I can see he can see his grandmother and she said to his mother some some many things that he: she asked she asked her mother at in front of her grave and: so the mother can believe the her her child can see the ghost. Then it was a kind of happy end but it was very impressive movie recently I saw that movie so I impressed the movie. Mhm: because I like Bruce Willis. And the movie he act the movie in the movie the Bruce Willis was acted in the in that movie so I like I like the movie and: and it was very recently movie and I saw some tv many advertisement of that movie so I wan I wanted to see that movie. he he is famous Armageddon Armageddon and the: and the: many movie he also acted Pulp Fiction and I I I like Bruce Willis but I like the movie and Bruce Willis I like the Bruce Willis than the movie . So I saw many works of . . Erm: some scenes are gho erm: appeared the ghost so it was very awful some someone dead the traffic accident so someone brod brod blood bloody. And someone has a hole in the body. Mm: many many awful things. But but it was maybe okay . it was a: little a little short time so: not a: horror movie. Just a: just a second minutes. So: maybe it was okay but some very surprise. Suddenly the scene was appeared so it was very sur surprised . Yeah scary. Erm: I like happy movies. Cause scare movie: is also exciting but the: af after seeing the movie: the hap the scary movie is not happy. I like happy movies because the: after seeing the movie I can be: happy in my mind. So: it's encourage sometimes encourages me and sometimes cheer ups me so I like the movie I like the happy movie than scary movie. Erm: yes I have I like Disney movies. Erm: I recommend the Beauty and the Beast it was very romantic movie. yeah erm: it also a kind of love love roman lov love romance movie. But erm: not so rea real realistic love romance it was animation so. I can I can see we can see that movie like fantastic feeling so it is easy to see if even if the view viewer viewer is child erm: or senior everyone can see the movie en enjoy. she is the kind of nervous nervous person and she has she has erm: strong woman and she proud of herself very much and maybe she is beau beautiful and she know she is she know her beauty in herself so: she has a confidence maybe . he is just art[artist and he just draw the picture the: she told the the. Them or order ordered ordered order ordered. And: he is the artist erm: he is not strong person he maybe he has a kind feeling. erm: maybe I if I were her friend I don't like her . Cause she she maybe she do doesn't have kind of feeling. I I thought she needs something to consider something she need a: something to consider the the other person. Thank you. 