Yes. I choo I choose topic two. Yes when I was a high school student I visited Canada in Vancouver in home stay it's a first time to visit visit so I was a first time to visit overseas so I was very impressive. And in the morning I was I studied a English English class and I I was shopping in the afternoon and in home I was cooking and I was speaking with home stay's family. And home stay's family's mother is a teacher of the school and the top of teachers so she is a very friendly and very talkative so I was very enjoyable. And I was riding a horse at the ?a I was a riding a horse and my friend is a drop out horse. Horse is suddenly run ran so she drop. So I was very shock . Yeah and I was a I played a golf. And it's the first time and ?e: my host family's father is not at home always because he's the he he works outside the Vancouver. So she comes home an weekend so I I can talk at weekend. My host family's brother. Is a student of college. A maybe he's twenty four or five but I can't speak with him because he is very busy. Maybe busy. Yes. And host family has a dog. It's golden retriever. So a my mother does not like a dog. So I can't have a dog so I was very enjoyable. A dog with playing dog. Canada is a very big country and very beautiful. and. no. I went a park. I don't remember the park's name but my host family a my host mother brings me. my ho host I went to there with my friend two students. And my friend brings a so my host mother is a very yeah ve very happy . With wearing I bring a . But she maybe does not like it. Because it's a maybe she does not like and it's very hard. So maybe she doesn't like it . Yeah. maybe. yes. yes it's a twelve students in Japan the same high school students. yeah a high school member. So and maybe I played the card and conversation and the last class it's a it's sho ?a we show the ?a I have a ceremony. And my friend and I sing a song in English. yes. maybe it's not so difficult but with conversation I can use. yes I went shopping with my friends and. yes I I buyed bags and the gifts with a gifts for my family and friends. yes I went restaurant a and I paid tips. But I can't understand the tips. how a how much tips I gave. So the first time we we are complexed at maybe ?a I can't remember how much but and then my ho host family ?a I I wa I was asked I my host family. And teach teach. . In Kamakura. ?a I went I went Boston. in Boston I I I went host family. but ?a at weekend. So Canada ?a my ?a when I was high school student. Its host family is a more friendly. . 