I chose topic two. A country I've visited which has impressed me my favorite country is New Zealand. It's in the Pacific Ocean. I: lived there for a year three years ago as an exchange student and I home-stayed there I liked the people very much so I like the country. New Zealand is very different from Japan as I'm from a city I'm from Tokyo. So I'm a city girl. I: really liked living in countryside I lived in a town called Timaru that is a very small town the population is only twenty seven thousand and: it's not a: sightseeing place so tourists don?don't visit there so there are only like five schools and: there's a: only one main street. And where the: shops and restaurants are there and well people are really friendly there although I didn't know all of the people who live in the town I felt like I had lived there more than a year so I after I came back from Boston this year I went back to New Zealand to visit them and I visited my host family there and I stayed there for three weeks this time and I found this time I found it different little different because I visited there as a not as an exchange student but as a as a visitor. And I met I saw all the people I knew from the my my exchange year and I felt that my host family was like real family but it's not exactly my real family. My family in New Zealand. And . Of course I visited my host school as well and I went to see my teachers. And they were impressed that I visited there because I hadn't talked them and em I was surprised that not many things have changed in that town although like cause I live in Tokyo. After coming back from Boston many things have changed. For just three months yeah and anything else well New Zealand I think when I talk about New Zealand I think I have to tell you that it has a lot of nature. Nature and because the population is very small the population of the nation is small the the area is looks wide and there aren't many buildings and so that you can see wild animals anywhere. Like when you are driving not driving but when you're in a car you can see like New Zealand's native birds New Zealand is famous for birds because there: weren't animals like there were only birds because there were only ah no what I want to say is there weren't harmful animals. So birds could live themselves. So you can see a lot of unusual and strange birds it's something I like about New Zealand. . yeah. happiest memory. My happiest memory was Christmas time. I left Japan in January so Christmas time was almost end of my exchange year. And because of course I'm not a Christian and because I'm from Japan I've never experienced such a: fun event. Yeah and before Christmas we had to prepare a lot of things like my host mother it was a good cook so she prepared the Christmas cake like two months before the Christmas day. Because she puts icing on the cake we can keep the cake for a long time. So I helped making cake and most people write Christmas cards to a lot of their friends. And relatives. And and: of course we exchange Christmas gifts and before the Christmas day we put we placed all the gifts under the Christmas tree and the Christmas tree is a real tree so I and my host sisters went to pick up a tree. a real tree yes and on the Christmas day all the family gather in my host family's place and we had Christmas dinner and in the afternoon we went to my our host my host relative's place to celebrate the Christmas day and that was really special for me. Yes. I think for: Western country people Christmas is the most important thing oh I should've said that for the Christian people it's the most important and a special even for them and I think it's good and I enjoyed it very much but instead of having Christmas in that way in Japan we have New Year and I really like New Year in Japan yes. saddest thing saddest memory well okay cause I was sent by an exchange group. Called AFS. There were some other exchange students from all over the world and at the end of the year I had to say good-bye to them. And of course good-bye to my host family was the saddest time for me. I cried and they cried yes. Thing. Or a place. Okay if you go to New Zealand first time you first should go to the south Island there are two main islands in New Zealand. One in the north and one in the south south island is the area is bigger that north island but the population is much less than north island. we only have twenty five percent of total population in south island. And where the town where I lived is in the south island and there are I think there are more places to see in the south island. For example like we have hot springs. Yes and we have a lot of treckin trecking courses in south island. So if you like going for a tramp you should go to south island. And of course you can see many many sheep . As it's you know it's a symbol of New Zealand I think and you can see kiwi bird do you know about this. Yes and and there is an island called Stuart Island down south. And it's a: an isolated island and the there only like five houses or hotels. In that island. It's a very special island. And and the people in New Zealand the people in New Zealand try to protect the island from you know from em: from the harmful things like they are very careful at those things to protect the island but you can see the native kiwis there. you should go there. And. if talking about food. I recommend the ice cream and chocolate. I think ice cream in New Zealand is the best in the world. yes why because it's creamy. And it's tasty and fla flavour they have variety of flavour. Like like they have basic flavours all the basics flavour chocolate vanilla strawberries and they have ice cream that it's got jellies. In the ice cream and chocolate bars in the ice cream caramels in the ice cream and I recommend chocolate as well. 