I choose topic two. when I was a high school student I visited Italy because my school excursion was Europe Europe Europe school excursion so I visited Italy we went to Rome Rome Firenze Milan and so on we stayed in hotel one Roman's hotel was very gorgeous I was very surprised big bed room and big bathroom but next Milan Milan . Very little bedroom. And lamp was not on so I called hotelman and please change lamp but the hotelman said we have no another lamp so I have to buy it . So please wait at the night I have to wait dark room my friend and I what should I do and we couldn't we couldn't everything. I wanted to write write a letter I wanted to I wanted to plan next next ah I went I wanted to read guide book but I couldn't. So the Rome is a interesting but Firenze Firenze is a bad I think but many places were very interesting beautiful sight building and many Italians are friendly . when I before I go to Italy I saw Roman's Holiday . I'm a prince . so this was the school excursion so I could I could get many memories in Italy. ah I when I go to Rome I could see see to I could eat eat pasta . I'm a prince . so this was the school excursion so I could I could get many memories in Italy. I when I go to Rome I could see see I could eat eat pasta . Yes. in in Italy I Italy's language she get many pasta . And she eat a: the waiter get more she eat only one pasta. But I could eat another different pasta she was full. So she couldn't eat another food it was very interesting. to when in Spain Spain little children stole a bag or money so be careful of your money be careful of your passport she said so in Japan Japan is a safety but Italy is not safe she wanted to say to Japanese is not care so she wanted to say so . No me me is not . Yes . good in I went to Italy in December. But not so coo coo cold it good good: weather. Italy. you should go. . Rome. Yes. Yeah. Food . Yes . Yes France and England and America. I I st stayed Italy only ten days but I could go many place and I could meet many Italians Italian people erm: I I wanted to go Italy before I entered high school so I I'm looking forward to my school excursion so I could go Italy this was the best place. No only one . I think United States independent many thing my teacher said be independent before I go America I didn't say my op I couldn't say my opinion but teacher said speak your tell tell your opinion not others tell your opinion so I could I could more more independent than stay in Japan. In Europe is a: in England is like Japanese I think England in England teacher don't say be independent so I think England is like a Japanese American is not like a Japanese. And culture is same at Japanese in England and America is not same. oh: England food I don't like it always potato and beans . America its oily . . Yes I like Japanese food. 