Yes. I selected topic two. Okay the country I was very impressed was Thailand. And I went there last summer and I visited countryside and I was very impressed by children. And they looked little poor for Japanese people but they didn't feel that they are poor and their s smiles were so bright and so I recognized what the poor mean and what rich means. and and it was my first time to visit country countryside in Thailand and the they had no electric and they had no water and so of course it was quite different from Japan and the chi so surely children were quite different from that of Japan so how to play was different so in Thailand they were playing in the river and they they could be s satisfied with it so they had no T V games. so so I I thought which children were happy . they can they looked poor for us for Japanese people and and Thailand is said that it is developing country but I think its means discrimination little bit because they don't feel that they are poor so so my viewpoint was changed and now my definition of poor is that it's as to mind so it is said that Japanese children or rich but they don't know how to play and they're only playing in at home and the play games and very isolated from others and they don't know how to how to how to communicate with others so it's I think it's connected to society so school is a small society I think so if they can't get along together with others in the small society I think it's poor and it's dangerous I think . . in Thailand they can survive so I think they are happier than Japanese children and I felt that their smiles were different from Japanese children's smiles I felt so and other Japanese visitors thought so like me . how I felt that they were so honest and pure how different and they they really know how to be happy so to make friends or to help their parents or to see to enjoy seeing nature around them they really know how to be happy . Japanese children they're I think they're luxury so they don't know how to find how to find things that they wanna have and they and even they don't know how they need need so parents give them too much I think so. can be happy I disagree with the existence of T V games and now when when I watch T V commercials there are so many commercials a as to T V games and and the companies are making a lot of kinds of T V games because they can earn so much money but I think it's not good for children because they will be isolated from others and and parents also think that it's good for them because they can be satisfied with it and and you know they and the parents can be free and leave them alone but I think we need family relationships more so for example when I was a child I I played catch ball with my father or and my parents took me to zoo or amusement park in the holidays and so if we don't have cars or some we can do anything it's not only outside but also at home anything okay I think ju just conversations or just making food or something. . Old days and these days yeah actually in a a long time ago we had a place we had places to play but now we don't have places and opportunity now land are decreased so probably we don't have opportunity e expect just go to karaoke or game center. So I think money is the big problem and the big cause and that's why a little problems have happen and in in a certain meaning it's a na natural thing because for human we have frustration you know e e e everyone wants to be rich . Yes. I don't give much money to children and now I have a part time job in and I'm teaching at elementary school students and some of them have so much money and and they say okay I can I can buy some chocolates for you to friends so it's a big problem I think and her grandparents grandparents give them give her so much money and yeah I I can really understand how they how they love her but but they are making mistakes and if when children?erm bring money to school big problems will happen . For example threaten give give me money otherwise I will hit you or something and actually I heard the story like that . Thank you very much. 