Hello. Yes my name is . Yes. Good thank you how are you. My family. Okay my family is father mother and younger brother and me my my father works on sorry my father is a national civil worker and he he go to his office everyday by car and he he is forty-eight years old and my mother is a my mother works on in in office and she is forty-six years old and mm my my mother works about at house making an and my brother is eighteen years old now he is working on now he is a worker so I I and my family are sepa separated now and I I live alone . My family is now in Tochigi prefecture yes. Yes. Yes yes I live in apartment my apartment is in Ikejiri and so it's very near to college and I it it it tooks about fifteen minutes by walking to come to school and so I so I can sleep until seven thirty morning and I I I eat breakfast every morning and so I I must cook dinner by myself but sometimes I when I I am tired I sometimes I buy something convenience store and so so I I began to live by myself at March this year so living myself is enjoyable but sometimes I feel lonely and I I remember my family so I usu I usually call call my family and usually I spea I talk to my mother so so after I began to live by myself in Tokyo I I can I could realize my my at my family are all helpful for me so it it's a my good experiment. I like in I like to live in Tochigi living in Tokyo is very enjoyable but Tokyo is very convenient to live but there are few tree or flower or and so I I had lived arou I had lived country for eighteen years so it's so country is very sometimes country is un unconvenient to to live because in in my hometown I I always use bus so my nearest station is Ujiie Station but to go to this station it takes about thirty minutes by car so very very unconvenient and I I don't have car license yet so I have to use bus an or my my family's car car yes so but but I I feel very comfortable when I go back to my home because there there is a lot of nature around the house yes . yes. yes. three minutes. yes. I'd like to talk about my topic one experience . my I choose I choose my important experience it is the in in English class in when in my high school yes I I I have liked English at for my favorite subject was English and when I when I when I enter the high school I met English teacher my English teacher is was about fifty years old then and she she is very she was very strict for me for us for students and also she is she was strict to herself and she I think she she did everything her life is was is all about high school so I think she always thought about me or other students and she I I liked her English class very much because and she always she she was always she helped always me and hel help so and and her her her life and the way of teaching is was very helpful for me so I I I I get got very important thing from her. ye my future my opinion is not so much her teaching was very very very good for me but but I I'm afraid that I I will be able to have self-confidence so and I I I am not so strict for me and I so I am afraid I couldn't I can. 