Yes. I chose topic two. Okay when I was fifteen I went to Canada. It was first experience for me to visit other country Canada first impression Canada's first impression for me was so big. Huge country. I went to Saskatchewan State in Canada it located middle in Canada I went to Canada because home stay experience in Canada. in my high school we have exchange program Canadian high school with Canadian high school so we went Canada when I was visit there it was summer. but Canada was very cool no humid so I was so surprised. Then usually I don't speak English they're on the usual life so first I was so confused communicating with Canadian people but I try many things. first I tried looking into dictionary I didn't have much vocabulary to talk so always I had dictionary but they looks like uncomfortable because always I look at dictionary. So they ask me please don't care about that to choose vocabulary so I can choose so easy words to communicate. So I tried. To communicate very easy words and I look their eyes if I didn't understand their English because they talk too fast for me. So I asked sorry could you explain that phrase so if I didn't understand they wrote. On the paper for they talked so slowly . So little by little I got used it there and I was so interested in speaking English then. Just two weeks. Yeah. Yes a little. but usually I participated in teaching Japanese class because Canadian student has have Japanese class. So I helped teachers to teach Japanese cultures and an easy word on Japanese so I didn't have many English class. . usually Japanese may think we are Japanese so we can speak Japanese so maybe we can teach them Japanese easily and Japanese cultures but I recognized I can speak Japanese and I may know Japanese culture but I can't explain them why Japanese people do or Japanese grammar it was so difficult for me to explain. for example . Or how difference . So I was so confused because I don't know how difference them maybe I think Japanese people don't care about that. when they use they don't care which one they choose. So I said I'm sorry I can't explain. So when I enter this university I took teaching Japanese class so now I can explain little by little. Much better. . Yes I did I went to Toronto in Canada so Toronto was very interesting city for me Saskatchewan was very country and Toronto was very city and there're much tall building but one of them I saw golden building. Everything was made by gold. So I was so surprised. Maybe not real but. Yeah. And . Yes I did. I forgot the name but there was tall tower. And . Yes . Yes but usually I enjoyed talking with Canadian students than shopping so shopping was one element to talk with them. So I didn't I didn't buy much item much souvenir for Japanese people but I I had many good experiences. In Canada. A home. Yeah. Yes my host family was a little bit different family. there are father and just daughter. And mother and other brother or sister live in Vancouver of British in Columbia. Because her father has a company of company and my mother has own job. So they can't live together. But if they have holiday or vacation they visit mother's house. With father's driving. Yes. Yes okay. Yes first I saw when I saw her she was so beautiful because she is very tall and she has blond hair and blue eye so I was fascinated. by her character she is so calm. And she is very active and her dream was her dream it's she wants to be a doctor so her study is looks like very hard and she try to learn a little Japanese from me. So I told her easy Japanese and I learned English from her. 