Hi. My name is . Yes. Fine thanks and you. Yes. School. I go to Showa Women's University. And I'm a junior year. And I'm studying English literature. my major is communication so I have many communication classes like interpreting or intercultural communication. Oh okay it's very hard for me in in every day in every every classes each two students have to have to speak have to have two minutes speech in front of the class classmates and after that we listen to CNN news and we have to interpreting we have to do interpreting from English to Japanese. Yes . okay there are fou four people in my family my father my mother and my brother and myself but now we live separate because I'm living by myself in Tokyo and my parent and my brother lives in Ibaraki prefecture. Single life . Okay on this on last April I start I started to live by myself so now I'm I'm adjusting the new life and almost every day I cook my meal and I I have to clean my room by myself but it's fun. . Yes I have hobbies I like playing the piano and I like mov I like I like watching movie but usually I have a part time job. And I go working I go to working. I teach English and Japanese to junior high school student at private. School. okay twice a week about twice a week I go to private private school and at one time I have to teach English for three students and I sit down next to them and if they have a question they have to ask me teacher and I also have to give the exact answer or sometimes. I have to explain the structure or word meaning. Teaching I don't know exactly but I'm interested in Japanese teacher for foreigners so maybe I like teaching something to people. So and of course I can get much money . Through this job. I don't think so . Because because I have a future dream so it's diffi different so teaching English for students is just my hobby hobby just my job. So in the future I want to speak English or use English to not only the students but also many different people. okay I wanna be a flight attendant in the future. thank you . 