Mhm: because I like Bruce Willis. And the movie he act the movie in the movie the Bruce Willis was acted in the in that movie so I like I like the movie and: and it was very recently movie and I saw some tv many advertisement of that movie so I wan I wanted to see that movie. he he is famous Armageddon Armageddon and the: and the: many movie he also acted Pulp Fiction and I I I like Bruce Willis but I like the movie and Bruce Willis I like the Bruce Willis than the movie . So I saw many works of . . Erm: some scenes are gho erm: appeared the ghost so it was very awful some someone dead the traffic accident so someone brod brod blood bloody. And someone has a hole in the body. Mm: many many awful things. But but it was maybe okay . it was a: little a little short time so: not a: horror movie. Just a: just a second minutes. So: maybe it was okay but some very surprise. Suddenly the scene was appeared so it was very sur surprised . Yeah scary. Erm: I like happy movies. Cause scare movie: is also exciting but the: af after seeing the movie: the hap the scary movie is not happy. I like happy movies because the: after seeing the movie I can be: happy in my mind. So: it's encourage sometimes encourages me and sometimes cheer ups me so I like the movie I like the happy movie than scary movie. Erm: yes I have I like Disney movies. Erm: I recommend the Beauty and the Beast it was very romantic movie. yeah erm: it also a kind of love love roman lov love romance movie. But erm: not so rea real realistic love romance it was animation so. I can I can see we can see that movie like fantastic feeling so it is easy to see if even if the view viewer viewer is child erm: or senior everyone can see the movie en enjoy. she is the kind of nervous nervous person and she has she has erm: strong woman and she proud of herself very much and maybe she is beau beautiful and she know she is she know her beauty in herself so: she has a confidence maybe . he is just art[artist and he just draw the picture the: she told the the. Them or order ordered ordered order ordered. And: he is the artist erm: he is not strong person he maybe he has a kind feeling. erm: maybe I if I were her friend I don't like her . Cause she she maybe she do doesn't have kind of feeling. I I thought she needs something to consider something she need a: something to consider the the other person. Thank you. 