My name is . nice to meet you too. Good thank you how are you. Okay my home town is Nagano prefecture do you know Nagano. . my home town is northern part of Nagano prefecture and . it has very heavy snow at winter time so I like skiing do you like skiing. Have you ever . and Nagano is famous for next Winter Olympic Games. so and I want to join a group of volunteer of Nagano Olympic Games but I can't I I can not join join it because the volunteer group has already enough enough people volunteer people but my mother will work at as a volunteer. And so I envy her very envy her and next I I live in Taishido I live alone this is first time to live alone because I lived in dormitory in my freshman year so sometimes I I feel lonely. but I but I enjoy my shin my life yeah. it's a difficult question. But I like I like living alone but it it was good experience to live in dormitory . Because I had adult friends and it was very strict the dormitory's rule was very strict and the curfew was nine o'clock I can't stand it but but I enjoyed the dormitory life and I I learned cooperation . and friendship . I will tic talk about topic two. I visited in visited in Boston last year you know and it was a good experience for. me it was second time to visit to America for me but the. First time was very short short time to stay in Colorado Spring Colorado however the the Boston life was about three and half months so it was enough to to. Learn English and to learn American culture I met I met many American Americans at that time and many many Americans asked me what is good points of America of an American or what is an bad point I could. Ask the good point Americans are very kind kindly friendly and the food is very delicious and so on but I I have not thought about bad point of America so. I I was very confused I but I said I said to him it is America is very dangerous city there are many many kinds of. Troubles of about such as gangs and drugs so so I said . Amer American are Americans said America is very freely free country but I don't think I don't think about it because I think Americans should should know the difference between free freedom freely and. selfish and so I so. America has many problems but yeah gan gun and drugs and pro violence problems so I I said to him so so he he he said he. Though the he had the same idea I can I was glad to I was glad to he he can he could under understand my I was glad but but I I I. Can I can not I could not speak good English so . 