. Yeah Singapore Malaysia Indonesia Cambodia. Last last month. Yeah it was very very strange . And I've been to Macao, China, Paris, Guam and Hawaii. yeah yes. Yeah but I'd like to go to mainland of United States maybe next holiday I will. I want. yeah maybe . Yeah. yeah. yeah. Yeah little bit of course Japan is my mother country so I feel somethin' relaxed or like that but I feel its not so happy unhappy and something tired and bore bored. yeah. cause when I I 'm out into countries I feel exciting and happy and. In Japan I I cannot feel some how do you say . Energy. Yeah and people don't speak the other languages. no . I don't like it . oh. it was not my experience my friends' tell me in Malaysia it's a Moslem country so in public we should not drink alcohol. But Japanese students' group drink in public and . And have party so it was very bad and local people looks very strangely. So I think these things I should not do I should learn about their culture and then go there. Most Japanese don't speak local language and English so I don't know why they are here and they always stay together with Japanese people. Make big group so I feel very strange and. There's no reason to make big groups. Only Japanese so if do so they don't need to come to this country you should they should stay in Japan. Yeah by myself and make find some friend. no it's not so easy to do so. Well . Ah I don't know why but I can do it. Yeah every time I went European lady I don't know why but . every time . I don't know sometimes its next of me on the plane and sometimes my friend introduce her. Yeah. yeah I try to do it. yeah. oh thank you . I wanted to be a flight attendant and I think I need to study English more to to speak English more and so I wanna to go to Hawaii to study English. 'cause Hawaii is like my place: very good weather and then there are a lot of my friends there so I want to go. Yeah and I want to be a flight attendant of American airlines so and finally I want to live abroad. In the future. yeah I think so . Yeah that's I think of course there's local people and amount of people Europeans so if I try to find no Japanese people I can do it. Yeah. Yeah. Like that. 