I chose topic two. A country I've visited which has impressed me my favorite country is New Zealand. It's in the Pacific Ocean. I: lived there for a year three years ago as an exchange student and I home-stayed there I liked the people very much so I like the country. New Zealand is very different from Japan as I'm from a city I'm from Tokyo. So I'm a city girl. I: really liked living in countryside I lived in a town called Timaru that is a very small town the population is only twenty seven thousand and: it's not a: sightseeing place so tourists don?don't visit there so there are only like five schools and: there's a: only one main street. And where the: shops and restaurants are there and well people are really friendly there although I didn't know all of the people who live in the town I felt like I had lived there more than a year so I after I came back from Boston this year I went back to New Zealand to visit them and I visited my host family there and I stayed there for three weeks this time and I found this time I found it different little different because I visited there as a not as an exchange student but as a as a visitor. And I met I saw all the people I knew from the my my exchange year and I felt that my host family was like real family but it's not exactly my real family. My family in New Zealand. And . Of course I visited my host school as well and I went to see my teachers. And they were impressed that I visited there because I hadn't talked them and em I was surprised that not many things have changed in that town although like cause I live in Tokyo. After coming back from Boston many things have changed. For just three months yeah and anything else well New Zealand I think when I talk about New Zealand I think I have to tell you that it has a lot of nature. Nature and because the population is very small the population of the nation is small the the area is looks wide and there aren't many buildings and so that you can see wild animals anywhere. Like when you are driving not driving but when you're in a car you can see like New Zealand's native birds New Zealand is famous for birds because there: weren't animals like there were only birds because there were only ah no what I want to say is there weren't harmful animals. So birds could live themselves. So you can see a lot of unusual and strange birds it's something I like about New Zealand. . 