Hello my name is . Nice to meet you too. Fine thank you and you. Myself. mm I I'm a student from Sho Showa Women University. And actually I g I go to Showa from elementary school. And my favorite thing is watching to watching sports. Especially soccer. And I now I'm I'm going I I go to the driving school. Right now. No I live with my family. Yes I have a father mother and bro a younger brother. He is a high school student now he also like I like English and he also like h he also likes English and. In this summer I my brother and I went to Boston. I went to Boston last sum last summer. And before I went my brother went to Boston and home stay. And he has a host family so we visited them and also sightseeing in Boston. I'd like to talk about topic two. I went to United States for five times. And most impressive city was Boston of of course 'cause I stayed five and a half months there and I I didn't stay so long before I went to Boston. And I met a lot of people and I could become friend Boston has a Boston has a history very long history and during I stayed in Boston I went I visited very nice place so much and especially I liked the Walcot House I read I have read the book of her then I I was impressed that I that house was in that house she wrote the book so I was really happy to see that house and I I could know about her family and and the place she lived so that was very good for me and also Boston was Boston is very nice place to sightseeing the the there has a lot of place to see and I went to museum . So especially the Museum of Fine Arts are very famous in the world and they have a a lot. Of special drawing so I really enjoyed it but . there are the house is not near the Boston city Then uhu I went to there by bus . And around the house the there were very silent and the house was not so big but very old and in the house there were an old furniture and the kitchen was so. Old I didn't I I haven't seen such a kitchen so I I I could know the light of and un there were ah four sister in her story and each of them have a [hobby then and one one of them playing piano and the piano was there . And the drawing was on the wall picked picked drawn one of the sister so that was very beautiful thing. 