Oh topic three. I like watching movies so. So I had a lot of but eh: my most impressed movie was Titanic. Yeah many people liked it so: but my most favorite scene was the people who dropped into the sea was. Because of because there are many social people . not only first class but second and third. So when the ship was broken. First class people can could get the another small ship. another boat yes but other people couldn't get the boat. Because of so they couldn't go out outside. Yeah. So then I thought is this . So I I could understand there are many many kind of people. One person has a lot of money. And other person don't have money. But the person is equal to . So the second or third class person also have a right to go out . In emergency. Yeah. so this story also good scenes. To me. The girl and the boy both have different class. So then the girl has a fiancé. But when she got on the ships she become fall in love. And one boy so she if I am her and she I don't know her action is better or not. But her decision is good . yeah. So she has a a first class person so she could could get a seat in the boat. But she get out the boat and go to the boy so. So I think she's brave. . Yeah I like the music . I bought a score and played. So as you say the movie is very popular. All that so at first I didn't want to watch this movie. Because this movie is just love story I think. So I watched this movie in March. So maybe this movie start December 25th. So little later . But my friends told me this movie is very good. You had better watch it. So I went with my friend. So this friend also thought it's not so good at first so at we were very surprised at this story and very impressed. . Yes. will go on yeah. Yeah . Oh. . Yeah so a very famous movie is Pretty Woman. So why I I become like the movie is because . I was influenced by my aunt. My aunt likes movie very much. So she told me Pretty Woman is very good. So I watched it this is so Pretty Woman was not just a love story. Also give a dream. Julia Roberts and Richard Gear is great good. So she: she is beautiful so: so many people think this movie is like a Cinderella story. So I think at first she didn't she wasn't a good person I think. So . Yeah so Richard Gear also I think he bought a girl in the street so: it isn't good in general. But they again fall in love. So if they got married or . so this movie is good. yes. . A much. When I was in Boston I watched this pre preview in theater so I came back from Boston on July 18th. But this movie's July 13th. So I didn't watch it. Yes. Yes. yeah . I watched ten movies. . Mm: four I found three favorite movies. Mm: so: I like Tarzan . Which this movie but it was a complicated complex. So I thought it was just cartoon but it told me many things for example brave communication to animals . Yes. Yes so and the music is very good. So I was . It was difficult to. Yeah. I I once I watched Star Wars in Japan after I come back to Japan. So then I was very surprised at the story. I misunderstood so. yeah after that there is it was there's a very difficult words I and my friend didn't understand. But in Japan there's . Like that. . Six Sense. so yesterday I went to Shibuya with my friend. So there is many movie theater. So when we passed a in front of movie theater . The person say Six Sense is there is no seat in Six Sense. So if you want to watch it you have to come early. So I thought it was popular. . 