Hello. My name is . Yeah. I'm fine thank you. Yes. Yeah . I live in Chiba city and I I'm studying English linguistics and Japanese teaching method my my dream is to be a Japanese teacher for foreigners and my hobby is listening to music and wa watching the movie and especially I love reggae music and this last summer I went to Jamaica to listen to music. yeah. Yes. Yeah. yes my my father is a maybe fifty two or three years old and he he wri he's writing newspaper and so he he he knows many things I I don't know and my mother is a house wife they likes they likes to drive on weekend and my sister is twenty three years old and he he and sh she is a office worker but he will he sh she will quite hi her job next march and she want she she wants to go abroad to study English. Yes. How. Yeah when I was seventeen years old I listen to the those music for the first time and I don't know which kind of music they were but I was really interested in them so I I began to collect the CDs and I I I began to know about reggae music little by little. yeah. Yeah. Yeah I I went to Jamaica to attend an an great festival in Jamaica a great musician came to Jamaica and sung so and the those show I I we went to those show for three three days and I I was very excited and what what I was impressed most is to see the big musician face by face to face yeah. Yeah. Yeah I maybe I have the reason I want I want to be Japanese teacher but I can't explain so because when when I stayed in Boston many many American taugh taught me many things but I couldn't I couldn't teach them any things so I want to teach something to them. . . yes Topic Two. Yeah answer yes a country I've visited which has impressed me is New York City when I was fifteen fifteen years old I went to New York . With my family and it was first time I I I've been foreign country so and many it I think I think many people many people say New York is like Tokyo I don't think so because New York City was is crowded ?but Japanese people are different different from New Yorker so and I I I think New Yorker American people wants want freedom so it it were it was most impressed me. New York. I Japanese people Japanese people often tell about other people they are he is he is bad or good he is stupid he is crazy I think American people doesn't care about other people it was I think I think I like it. 