Yes I decided topic one I'll talk about when when I was high school student second year I went to Australian for one and half month. It's I stayed Australian family's house and I went to Australian high school I joined first grade class I I joined same class all same class. of them. And school was little difficult to: understand the language of class the most difficult class is a English class. It's it's like our Japanese class. So I couldn't understand it but the teacher was very kind for me so they explain again and again but on the other hand math class was little easy for me. I already learned about it in Japan so I can get a high score grade. Of it but but my my host brother was a same class. Of me so he helped me always he always helped me and to during a lunch time my host two host sister came to came to see me. And ate lunch with me Japane when I feel I feel lonely. my host sister and brother helped me and so I could enjoy every class and every time when I dis discrimination from other student. My host sister and host brother always don't discra discrimination of my sister. I wa when I was hea when I heard it I was very happy. they say you are my real sister. So . Yeah I enjoyed it. so I learned from my host family its if the people have a different country and culture. If they think we could understand them maybe they can everyone can do it but if they think hav they don't have a feeling that they want to understand them they can't do it. So if I met a other country's people at first I think I want to understand them. I want to communicate with people. after this experience I want to I I started to thinking I want to meet other country's people and I want to communicate . So I choose this college. I came to. . Hoothills do you. it's six kilometers west of Melbourne. Japanese. eight students but no one joined the same class one student joined one class. And different grade. I was a second grade so I joined first grade. One grade . Yeah low level class. no I I I'm I got a I got there I went to there by A F S do you know A F S. Yeah so I look looked up that the good of the information. And I . Yeah. Yeah yeah. yes . Yeah I yeah during summer vacation but it's little long than high school summer vacation. So I I I stop to go to the my high school a little bit. And I joined it. I joined E S S club for the high school for that E S S club's teacher went to went to America yeah by A F S. One year program so teacher if you want to go. I. . yeah. I learned Spanish but I cannot speak. Just little words I know. A few words I couldn't a lot of. . a when I was a kindergarten student my kindergarten a there are two English speaker's teacher in the ki kindergarten. in my kinder kindergarten so I have a English when I was a child. So I have a I have American American friends when I was kindergarten. So I wa I visited hi his house t: twice time and I met his parents. So I said to my parents I want to learn English. I started to learn English when I was third grade of th third grade of. Yeah . Elementary school. so yeah I think ten ten years. So I think if I study to Spanish when I was young. Maybe I can understand more than it's a little late . from one grade of this college. Yeah. Yeah . 