They are interest very interested in Japanese culture and Japanese and also they tried to teach us many things like American culture and English so if we mistook some words or grammar they they tried to correct our English and they also made us they tried to meet us many American family and they took us many American house so we can meet many American family and children this is very good memory for me. they have mm: the children is more independent they my host brother is very independent from their parents so: he his name is Eric he tries he often helped her his mother and he didn't interrupt her mother or father he did himself by he did he did by himself selves so and he is very I think he is very independent other children is also independent from their family their parents we had a: party and then their children didn't in interrupt their fam parents' conversation if the party tok take place in Japan the children maybe the children maybe interrupt their conversation so: I think they are very independent. American parent is my host family's parent is very severe for their children so if they did some bad thing the boy has a sister if they have quarrel the parents scold them and don't do that or something and the table manner I heard American people don't pay attention so erm: table manner so much but they very they they pay attention to their table manner. John Hancock Tower has off some company's office and I went to the top of the John Hancock Center so I pay three dollar to go there and I can see the beautiful scene I can see the nature and the city's street and peo little people. Tall yes very mm: I heard the tower is tallest in Boston. John Hancock is the highest tower and the next is Prudential Center. I don't think so but the memo memorial Banker Hill Memorial is high but now it is not so big. Erm: I went to Freedom Trail the Freedom Trail is very hard to go: because we have to walk some people go to by train or: bus but I we went to there by ourself and Banker Hill is very high place we have to: go about three hundreds stairs so it is very hard for my leg but it is good t to know American history the place is very famous for famous place like Boston Tea Party or Boston Common and City Hall: so it is good for me. Erm: I learned it in: Boston we did took American Culture and we learned something about American culture and next week we went there so my memory is very fresh so it is very interesting. Tarzan I like Disney movie so I went to when I watched it I moved by the movie the baby grew up by the Tarzan so I heard kinds of: thing some animal grew up human beings children so it's interesting and I: the last scene is very good so I recommend you to watch it in New Year's day I heard next year the movie showed so I recommend many people to watch it. I watched: Pretty Bride. it is in Japan it's called Pretty Bride but in America it's a movie called Runaway Bride so I sur I am surprised the name. I think the movie is interesting but: I prefer to watch Pretty Woman . er: love story but I can't understand not so much because the woman mm: runaway from the her ma marriage ceremony three times. And: finally her I think Richard Gere and eh: Julia Roberts can do it but they didn't marriage first time first marriage ceremony they did twice but the second ceremony is very good I like the: ceremony on took place by only two people and church and so: only three people ceremony but finally their friends cerebrate them this is very good fine good ending. 