Hello. My name is . I'm fine thank you and you. Yes. I my school name is Showa Womens' University and that is in Sangenjaya and there are many majors and I take English literature. I think my my university famous. Place famous place is a Hitomi Memorial Hall and many time many famous show or concert were are taken place . I went some classic concerts. And al I also went to ballet concert. and some sometime pop concert. Were taken taken . I don't have any brothers and sisters so my family is my father and my mother and me. And my father is an acupuncture doctor and my mother is a house wife but sometimes she helps him. I live in Komazawa. actually I moved there in this year. I in June. So I don't know well. But there is a Komazawa Park. Near my house and there is not there are is a very quiet place . Yes. I don't like stay in my house so I I like sports so I play some sports especially tennis. I don't like winter so. I didn't play I didn't ski I also like watching sports so I go to some sports events. my mother make me to go to tennis school. And I started to play tennis. Elementary school. And and until junior high school I was participated some tournament. I am going to talk about Topic Two. And my most impressive country is is the United States I visited there two time and one is Seattle and the other is Boston and I like Seattle because that is the that was the first time to go abroad and when I was second year in junior high school. I've been to there. And there was good place that I expected. And so I I went English school and by yellow school bus so I like that because before I went there I I know about the bus because I watched that in on TV many times. And also I I like Mt Rainier. I went there with my friend and so we took lunch box and ate there and so the view was very beautiful. So I I don't remember very well but the most impressive place is was Mt Rainier. Yeah. I think maybe East Coast is more conservative. because I think because they have more history. Many history but West Coast is more open. Open place I think that is difference. no I I I'm not good at drawing. And I haven't been some museum at all but after I went Boston. I like I like to see watching the some paints. Because I went to many museum in Boston or New York. So now I like. I recommend Fine Arts. there are various paints there paints or sculp sculpture. and there were also Japanese arts so there I I've been there about three times so and I enjoyed each time. Fine Arts is very good. Thank you. Thank you. 