My name is . Nice to meet you too. Myself. I'm a junior at Showa Women's University and I study my major is English and American literature and I'm interested in studying English especially the sociolinguistics and my dream is to study abroad and get master's degree in America that's it. Major the reason is just I like English very much and the reason why I became to be interested in English was a movie and the the name of the movie was Top Gun and I saw that movie on TV when I was in junior high school and since I liked Tom Cruise the actor who was in that movie I I came I became to I became to want to be good at speaking English in order to maybe someday I I could talk to him in English. . I live in Setagaya. Setagaya is the south part of Tokyo. And I think Setagaya is good place to live because there there is a lot of a lot of green and it's not so crowded and I think people are friendly and kind. And also there are many schools so it's good place to: go around or maybe it's good place to study. . Okay. Three to five minutes okay. Okay . Yes. Okay I chose the Topic Three. one film that I thought it was particularly good was titled Time to Kill and the film was about an accident happen to a young African American girl and she was raped by two men and she wasn't killed but she got injured very badly. And I forgot the state of the I forgot the name of the state but it was in the America. In that state there was there was still discrimination. Toward African American so the accident went to the court but it seemed that the criminal two criminals that two white men will will not be guilty in that court cause they were not African American but white people so the father of the girl shot the two men in in the court before the court start started and the story the main part of the story was about if the father was a murderer or not. If the father was guilty or not and one young white lawyer tried to save the father a and I like at first when I finished to watch the movie I was very shocked because first I couldn't believe that the two men raped the young girl maybe ten years old. or eight years old and moreover in that state it is natural that white men could do anything they want to the African American. And I think in Japan we don't have such custom or such situation such discrimination between the race races and the story was not past case I mean was not ancient period. it's it's kind of modern time story so I was shocked there is there is still against discrimination. Toward African American and I I could understand the father father's motive to kill those white men. And and that the at the end of the story the father was found non guilty. Cause the jur juries juries understand understood the father's feeling very well and juries also not only juries but also other people around the around the court in the states understood we should not discriminate the the people because of the their ethnic. And I agreed with their opinion very much. And I was taught I was I learned that the there is still discrimination at the present time in the world and it's not it's really bad thing. But it's difficult to forget the discrimination or difficult to make discrimination disappear from our world. That's it. 