Good morning. Yeah. I'd like to talk about topic two. Yes I have been in Switzerland for a year and I I did home stay with a family I I am only child in Japan but there I had two brothers and two sisters. And three cats and parents and of course I couldn't speak German but Swiss people are good at language so they they can English we well and so I gradually learn German and when I start German I talk with German grammar with English words. because I don I didn't know words and also I I had a very good experience with other exchange student. mostly the students were from America but they're some Indonesian and . And France and so on and one girl is a was from Eritoria . Near the Russland and she was very nice and I write sometimes to her a letter and she said for me that if politics are bad between Japan and Eritoria but our friendship is forever and I was so impressed and it was the very important thing for exchange student and all of the people on the world. yeah actually I was with a brother. His name is Thomas because his topic is about animal I and he both like animals and soccer he he loved soccer actually and they took me ski and I saw soccer play one time in Deutschland. Deutschland. Germany . And yeah I love cooking so her mother taught me cooking and when I left there they made party for me. And I invited all of my classmates in the school about thirty people. House because the house was very big. And yeah I I went many times month twelve month. Yeah. Yeah. In Sw Switzerland they think television is bad thing. so but in Japan I love television actually so it's kind of confusion at first because no one see television. And some house didn't have television and I saw the students didn't study so much compare with Japan. sisters often listen to the music and children yeah Thomas like reading also so he reads or or talk each other discuss. Sometimes about the religion or politics because the father is the some kind of politic work. Yeah. I like comedy or some drama but sometimes I watch T V about foreign countries so yesterday I watched T V the name of is just . A talent or famous people go to: some foreign country and stay there for: a week. And communicate with foreign people. of course they they s they see T V sometimes but not so much as in Japan. And or I think they they really read newspaper very often. And I went to the school of economics so they are interested in economic or politics and so on so yes they they read newspaper I think or magazine. Yes. the famous is fondue. Is a kind of cheese cooking and is also the traditional Swiss cooking. . Yes is a dish and you melt cheese. And pour out on the potatoes . And eat it . yeah actually. And yes I found Swiss cooking is really easy. and yeah cakes her my mother love k bake baking and many kinds of sweets I didn't know really name but. Yeah. Yes. Yes I I brought back the fondue set. from Switzerland. Yes. My father liked it but my but my mother didn't like it because. Yeah she likes mostly Japanese food so. I don't know specially Switzerland. But it is kind of sad that many people too many people go to America but the world is not only America so I w I want many people to see many many kind of countries. . If I if I don't change nothing will change. Is the my motto. And if I talk to if if I don't talk to i someone. nobody get chance to know about me. No. Because I I don't like to see. And yeah I I don't like pictured or art. photographs. Yes. It's okay. Photograph is real. Real thing. So it's true but picture is sometimes very difficult to: understand. the artist's mind and so. yeah. Thank you very mu. 