a film I've seen which I thought was particularly good. the name title is Mansion of Puppets. Puppets means stuffed dolls. but a little bit a little bit not maybe not so pretty I I th think this is very minor movie not major. Just just film video tape and I I like it very very much because back ground is very very simple. But simple but simple I think simple but story is very very confusing and finish is not clearly so we can think we can think ending and music is very wonderful I like I like violin Manshon Puppets soundtrack is main they they put into practice main violin part so I like this music very very much. And about bad movie I think I like movie very very much so I can't choose especially bad movie or film but I think Six Sense now released. But I don't like it because story is very very confusing and not not I don't like actor or children . Sorry and I think Japanese movie is not good because Japanese movie is not actor or actress is not good I think so I don't like Japanese movie so much but now now releasing Owl's Castle I like it only finished. the Mansion. Yes the actress name was Flora. Flora and her brother and her little sister lost her their mother and father and they are very rich so suddenly they became poor. So servant their servant thought they should take care by her their mother's brother so uncle uncle. so but uncle uncle was very eccentric person he had a magical power and his mystery power was he could he could move he could move puppet so he was a toy factory's owner they went to his house he had a wife and his pupil six people in his house at first he was very kind but he loved Flora because Flora wa Flora looks like his sis his sister. his Flora's mother. And he loved her but she loved pupil. He become angry so he became short temper and he broke his magical power and every dolls were had a mind and aim and moved and so last he suddenly disappeared and they were not human. little brother little sister and wife was not a real human so last Flora and the pupil decided to leave here. His house. Yes scary. maybe only uncle. Uncle is scary . Yeah but she maybe she thinks uncle should not be here. In real world. He have to came come back magical mystery world. No . Real. uh unhappy or scary story. I think happy is always be here. But scary or mystery is not be here. So I can I wanna I wanna feel I wanna feel fair fair feeling more easily. I think movie is good way for me. yeah Owl's Castle. No not yet but I'll. yes story. is like a assasin. do you know . prefecture. And he was a in the world. And he was a assassin. So he tried to kill Hideyoshi Toyotomi but his neighborhoods people stopped tried to stopped him because they loved him but he tried to. Maybe he he didn't kill. But I like neighborhood people's kindness feeling. And one girl. One little girl loved him and but he didn't like her. Because he was a business business like so it's a little bit funny. But I don't like history so I wanna study . yeah yes Hideyoshi's generation. I I saw I saw Austin Powers T Delux. It was very funny. And but not so good for me because like sexuality words. he used out of sexuality words. So not so sick. But if you wanna become funny or crazy you should go and see. Yeah. Yes . fashion or music. Especially music. I like sixty or seventy music. yeah yeah. classic cla sound condition. now now music is very clearly sound. But old music is like a put a film. And sound it. I like this sound. And not so fast. Fast so I like slow. And and slow slow and softly. Yeah violin. Yes I especially like Handle Handle and Mozart. no maybe my friend plays. Yes but now I I stopped I quite piano lesson and I started new new lesson. Japanese dance. Yeah . 