. Okay. . Yes I have selected a topic one. Yes I would like to talk about topic number two but I have never been in to another country apart from Spain so. . Okay I don't know if I would be able to speak for three or five minutes but. okay. Right okay well I would like to talk about my years at at primary school. Is well while I've been there for twelve years from pre scholar to C O U I well it was a school which was directed by by priests a a private school I think that's the the best experience which I've had in my life because when you go out of there well perhaps when when you're inside you always think ah these priests always saying no don't don't do that don't do this but when you go out you see what what they have done for you and all the all the all the habits with which they have created in you such as for example attending classes. Yes I have friends which who who have who have gone to a to a public school which is as as good as as a private school but well they usually skip classes on I don't know they're now in first or or second well I'm in my last year of my degree and I have to give thanks to to all these priests . In my primary school what more could I say about this I don't know all all experiences were were great there . Sorry. How old were yo I were from from five to eighteen years old rather. Yes. yes yes very very long time yes. and I don't know what more could I say about this school I I I still go there to meet all these priests and and teachers . I would like to to work there yes. Yes. Sorry. Doing what teaching yes. I like teaching I'm teaching now. no no . I want to be just a teacher. Not a priest no no . Yes catholic priests yes. later you do what you want they you want to believe or you don't but I believed until. I went out that school I was catholic yeah right but now I prefer to live in my own not worrying about anything yeah. well I like I I enjoy doing many many things yes because I'm in a theatre company. Yes and I have a a rock and roll band also and I like painting . everything is very very creative. There's now we're we're preparing a play called which deals with the problem of of youngsters and their problems with their parents with drugs with many many things this. And with my rock and roll band I expect to to give a concert for for next month. Where here here in Madrid in a in a in a pub called Castro Rock. We make music from the fifties and sixties versions of Elvis Presley. Yes ah. Yes. . Yes. Yes an artist a famous painter or something like that. well I like more drawing than paint than painting. One and I think that's almost all well perhaps when you see me in five or six years it's yeah I met that boy . Which is now famous a rock and roll star. yes Sergio Sergio. yes. well now my situation is just I'm just expecting my my final marks . Which have not appeared yet but I think I had passed so. yes I think so I don't know what more could I say help me . About Madrid well some years ago I said people places where you can go but now I hate all that I . what I like most is the part of the of the north we can go to the mountains and relax. Yes and all this all this amount of of villages? of medieval villages? which are in the north which very very few people know but they're very beautiful and it's down there. Yes . Yes yes I usually go with with friends in weekends. there to to or or to to campsites and they're marvellous in these days now in spring a great breath Spanish sun typical. sun and good weather which. Yeah. Yes and I like being quiet yeah. yes yes of course yeah well but here at Madrid it's very the life is very very ver very fast. It follows a rhythm which is almost impossible to follow. And that's what I don't like and pressure. My typical day Saturday. Yeah it's quite . Well in my in my typical day . I wake up at ten o'clock more or less. Yes I go to give particular classes to a girl. A friend. Later I come back home and I usually have lunch with my family which is the the only two days are Saturdays and Sundays which we have lunch together. well and later I go I go to to play and to make my rehearsals with my rock and roll band and by eleven we go out to pubs and dance and . no no until until I don't know five in the morning more or less. yes . 