. Yeah. The first one. I want to talk about an experience I have with some children from the hospital. they have AIDS. And we we usually have some activities with them just to make them feel happier you know. So: well we have one one activity with them each three months or something like that and well this this summer we are going to the safari with them. Yeah and we have also a a summer camp. We used to go well no in tents or something like that just in houses and with a medical group or you know. Because they they or we have to take some pills or something like that. So it's a a great experience it's a great experience because with that you well I don't know how to ex how to express it but you feel better. Because you you do something to to help some people. But you feel better because you you see them laugh and you see them you know go out of their of their environment because it's it's horrible some of them come from broken families or. Just you know horrible things like that so. No they don't live in the hospital they some of them live with their parents well yeah. Or just the mother or the father or even. At schools or. I don't know yeah some of them don't know who ar who their parents are. They live with some other people so. It's a bit. well it it began because I belong to: to a Scout group. And we decided to do something you know for just to to make some other people happy. Well it's. Yeah some of that but the mother of some friends of of us works in a hospital. With those kids. So she said oh you could do something with them and we said okay we would like to do it and I think this is the the fifth or the sixth year. We are taking them out and it's great. Yeah completely. yeah some something not much yeah. . We are going. Yeah yeah just one week because. You know they get really tired and they they miss their homes but. It's enough. No we don't give them any medication . We have we have a doctor. and we have some nurses and they do all the things. Yeah. . . They come from fifth no fifteen fifteen is the the oldest one I think and the youngest is five I think. Yeah. Yeah yeah it's horrible because we have well the first time I I met them. Some well lots of them were just four or five years so it was you know always changing nappies and all those things. It was it was really hard but now they have grown and it's it's quite quite better because you you can do more things with them. yeah. Sorry. Yeah yeah. To some of them. Well now I think they are twenty twenty-two or twenty-five more more or less. It depends some years we are well last year we were I think eleven in the in the camp. Yeah well but there are times that we need more people yeah. Because it's horrible you know. They drive you crazy it's. yeah. yeah. Well they they take care of them you know when when there's something wrong with their health or something like that. but if if something else happens we just try to. yeah yeah. And it usually happens that they start quarrelling and fighting each other and it's and you have to to go there and say stop please stop. But it's it's horrible because they they just start quarrelling and fighting and they they say oh no I don't want to stop and. Yeah. Yeah. No well just I think two of them the the oldest. They know it and and the first time they they realised it it was for for the girl it was horrible. But for the for the boy it was you know he he assumed it. Really good and he said okay well they they just have the the virus you know the. Yes but some some other kids of the of the smallest ones they have the they have AIDS so but they don't know it. They just don't they just know that they have something in their blood but they don't know what it is and they know that they have to go to the hospital and because there's something wrong but they don't what. I don't think so I don't think so because. well when they grow. It's obvious they they must know it. it's obvious you know because our fifteen year old year old girl she must know because you know. She's going out with boys and all those things. She must be careful about that but. But the others you know the smallest ones they they can't understand it. So why tell them if they. they are going to you know. Well they they don't know it because well. Yeah but in the schools and you know obviously the schools know what they have but just the just the headmaster and well and and their teacher but. You know it's confidential. It's confidential well I shouldn't be telling you all these matters. No I can't tell it but you know I never tell which hospital it is and I ne we never say the names. We never say. So because we don't want them to be hurt. So . 