. I don't know in English n but with. Yes . Ro . Yes. twenty. Spanish . Molina. Yes . Spain Sp. Spanish the same. Yes. Yes. Eight yes. Yes. It's topic two. In Ireland last last summer . Okay last summer I: I was in Dubli in Ireland and when I arrive I see that all the country is green and here in Spain is yellow. The the: the people her there I think a I think before I: go there that the people are very serious and very strictic and no it's very kind because when you go to in in you go in the streets all the people say hello but they know you are foreign and say em: do you like this country and do you like the weather do you like everything and they are very very very kind with m with the foreign people. And all of this impressed me the weather because it's not too cold about twenty twenty-four not more and: and the people an because all of the the country is green and I said my God it's beautiful and. No as a girl au-pair girl yes. And I mean for childrens and I think oh my God the children are very maybe I don't if you don't know the res the restric thing that your hi their mother said you say I need some information about because they have to say always thank you thank you thank you. And here no her is. It's very polite yes. In a: an agency here in The Globus in Murcia. Yes. I: I want to go: I want to go working in a: in a hotel. But he she told me that there isn't any job in summer and I decide to: to go as a au-pair girl. Yes was good. Two months. Yes July and August. Yes. Yes. It's very I I think that is very like like us so sometimes that you can understand easily. Than I I think at that is easily than than English people for example in England I think that is the other accent and Ireland is very easy to understand them. Yes. Dublin Cork is the South. no I thi I was in the South and then I go to Dublin. Only Dublin. Yes. Yes this summer I think so that. Yes. Yes . Yes but I eat er: chicken hambur hamburgers . But I: I like all the: all the: all the food. No no. Yes. Yes. Yes. the people is very polite. I think that I thought that the people was very strict no is very polite. 