Ah . Yeah I have. I'm gonna talk about ah the film. Okay it has to be from two to five minutes right. okay. Okay so I'd like to talk about American Beauty. Have you seen that. And I think it's just fantastic fantastic film because it deals with American society in a way that I think it's really new. For American film making because usually we get the big Hollywood films where everything is great and everyone is happy and here we confront to the family who has really real problems a real difficult problem and I think it's just beautiful I really liked it a lot. And I really like Kevin Spacey I'm so glad he won the Oscar a couple of days ago. And I I don't know the other actors I really like the young ones I think they're great. And you have the contrast between the usual American girl you know the character played by . Who is perfect and makes everything but then if you really look into her you can't find anything at all because it's all a facade. And then you have the other two which are freaks according to society but then there we have a lot at it a lot to offer. meaning yeah what was her name Jamie I think. Jamie and Rickie I think. Oh really I mean they're really weird people you if you think of it. But I think they're more developed as characters than the other girl. I was really shocked by it especially the end. Because but there is quite big end I think I'm I'm referring to the the homosexual neighbour. Who is always saying horrible things about homosexuals and then turns out to be homosexual himself. And I think it's quite common in the army I think. or so I've heard. But then and it's really cause actually I I I really loved it but it was really depressing in a way. Because where are we going to. You know what are we doing with our lives. It's like are we all going to end up by him because when he finally was happy he got killed but then. I don't know has to be hope somewhere . What else the music was nice. Especially the the songs. That was from the sixties or the seventies. That was really nice and: I don't know it's just the setting and everything. okay let me think no really I can't think of anything I didn't like but I didn't like the the I didn't like the actor played remember the real state king the one that has an affair with Annette Benning. there's something weird about that guy. Maybe the white dying in his hair . Yeah. But apart from that I really liked it all but some people don't like it. I think that with this film you we get people who absolutely love it and people who hate it. And that was I was really shocked because it won the academy award because I wouldn't believe I couldn't believe it. No. No. 