. A yeah . . twenty I'm twenty years. Spa I'm Spanish. Cartagena. Eh: Spanish. Spanish. Yeah. . At d do I read it aloud. . Okay. Topic two. Ireland. Yeah. wow everything well except for the weather who was not very good when I was there. But people the country and even the food I liked a lot yeah. yeah yeah I was for I went in nineteen eighty eight for a month in August to study one month of English there and I was in at a in school in a little village and well I I lived with a native fam n native family. So I I I could have a: a lot of experience and: and know who is the style and the life and. Yeah I think yeah. Yeah because more or less they were saying me all the time well you're getting better or so . Sorry. Yeah yeah I studied in the morning in a school and I have normally we had the afternoon free the afternoon. Right to do other activities or going to other places. sometime we: we went to: to other village er: or we: we did another activities or sports in the afternoon. . Yeah but well but particularly Spanish because I was with an Spanish group. But well we er: the family I was with had a: a boy who was my my age more or less so I was a very good friend of him so I I practised everyday yeah a lot. It's very easy to understand I think. Yeah well at at least i in the the ci the the village I was it it wasn't very difficult. And well I I also visited som some cities such as Dublin or Galway. And I understand I understood very very well. In Dublin for example. It's very very be because I like Celtic world so is marvellous a city very: is different to: to the other capital European capital I think well. Yeah well is is big but no so: I don't know the buildings are different for example not very tall. And it has a river a river sorry. And the: the harbour everything is very beautiful and: and the: you know the the style of the: the streets and people playing the violin and very Celtic and. Yeah. well the food. I has a has I said before I I thought oh my God I'm going to: to but a I I get used to: to eating everything. More or less . the: the typical English breakfast som sometimes not everyday but overall at weekends we used to: to have an English breakfast. And I liked and but well the the timetable i is different too so the the first day when I had to: to di to have dinner at. Half past five or six my said my God but I. Yeah no problem. What type well vegeta vegetables er: well. No well sometimes yeah for example baked beans and I discovered i I love it. I discovered that it's very good for example but not not very difficult no no sorry not very different no. Yeah . No is is different Sunday is you know I remember that sometime we didn't have breakfast because we just eat lunch and. Yeah. Well I like talk a lot so a although I'm studying English because I like languages I would like to: to: to work as an announcer you know in the radio a. I would like to do that I would like to to go going going on studying after finishing this degree I would like to: to study som something related to that you know. Well I I wouldn't mind working as a teacher at all I I would like to work. Yeah or even as a Spanish teacher abroad I don't I wouldn't mind to do. Well or Britain too because I I've been to: to England too so I wouldn't mind the country. I don't know I would like to: to study abroad for a year but I don't know if I I'm going to be able because it's you know it's too expen expensive . But I would like no. Well but if not for a year I can go for a summer again or. alright. 