. . twenty. Spanish. Spanish. Yeah. My mother speak French perfectly but we don't between by mother and me always speak in Spanish. yeah I choose the: topic two . a country that have impressed me was England. And also Italy but more England. I: I ha I went to England this summer for three weeks. And: people in the: village where I were in Lowestoft in the East were very angry with foreign people they didn't like Spanish or Italian or Chinese people there were a language school in the village and were a lot of students from all around the world. And peopl English people were always insulting us when we wo when we went out to the pubs. The: atmosphere between English people and foreigners was not very good and this impressed me because in: in Spa in Spain especially in Murcia there are no problems th of that kind. I don't know perhaps the teachers of the school told us that they feel envious because we are young people and we are studying and perhaps we'll have a bet best future better future than than them. They were young young people yeah. All people were very friendly and kindly. But young people was. Stupid . Yeah. Yeah. No . No. In Lowestoft. In the East. In the: coast. For three weeks. In a: family yeah. And in the morning we went to school to learn English. Pardon. No not . I: in the school the classes were very boring. So it was the same. Sometimes it was interesting but I learnt more in in the house with the family speaking with them. Yeah very nice. Yeah. Yeah three years ago I went to: S Stratford. Yeah. f for one month also with a family and: the same. It was: I liked more I went with also Spanish people. From Madrid. And: I don't know why but it like more it's like the first time so it's the best time and. What's special. . yeah no we we didn't no. We had to pay an extra: tax tax yeah an extra fee and we: we didn't go. It's very strange very different I don't like it no. Pardon. I don't like the timetable they have. Eating so having breakfast so early and then for the lunch they don't have such a large meals like here. And: the timetable I don't like the weather and also they are very: English people I don't know not all the people but most of them are cold. No as so they are not so friendly like. Spanish people. . . yeah. Yeah. I have to go ou to go back to: improve my English. I would like to try in: Ireland. Yeah. I don't know I have been said that they are more:. I m Ireland people is more: are more: friendly. More like Spanish people. But I don't know I've no been there. Perhaps nex next year. To study the whole year. There in a: university. 