. . Twenty. Spanish. Murcia. Spa Spanish. Spanish as well and French. Sp Spanish at home yes. okay I've chosen topic three I: I saw a film called but I don't know the translation in English. Yes obviously but I didn't know the translation. And: it's a Mexican film and: it's about two: two boys aged twenty or teenager or so and they are called Julio and Tenoc and they are Mexican they are very good friends and: they they want to: to to live many experiences in in in life before coming university because they are finished the studies at high school and so they: they meet e: Maribel Verdú who co who comes from Spain obviously but she is married Julio's no sorry Tenoc's cousin and they: they go on a trip around Mexico visiting the capital or something like that I: I don't remember and yes the the film is basically the the journey the the trip in Mexico and the: the: it's something curious or or funny because the two boys are in love with Maribel and and she she makes love with both just because she she wants to: to live life fully. Do you know what I mean. because she I think she has she suffers from cancer so she wants to to life these last days . Yeah twenty four hours and:. I think this is the end. And I I went to: to see the film because I I'm interested in in Julio Luis Gael Gael Garcia I think. Yes so it was a bit difficult for me to understand these words w which I'm not used to to hearing these these words. . Yes. Er: it's not a radical difference in in in language in the same language I mean this difference is basically in in the: the vocabulary words such as car or in. Yes. Or . As beer or I don't know money which here is . There is or something. Yes yes so th the main difference amongst Spanish spoken in in in Spain and Spanish spoken in in Latin America is basically . And:. no it was the first the first film I saw by Gael but I want to. Yes . Yes . No I want to see . you see yes. and and he also: he also made another film called or something like that. I want to see these films . Yes. But I I: I read about him that he: he went to London to study: in in academy or t to be an actor I I don't remember the name of of this school. But I think it's important that you know that you m you might. Yes. I don't kn. yes I yes I thin yes yes and he's very nice . yes maybe . Yes. At the weekends basically sleeping . Studying as well. And: going out with my friends. sometimes we go to the cinema or we: we we go to the discotheques or something like that. But I don't like to come back home very late I I want to stay . Yeah. No I live with my parents and my brother. Yeah. I don't know er: I wouldn't like to be a teacher because I: I'm not worth it being a teacher I don't like teaching other people the verb to be or something like that. A: I would I would like to: to study law after finishing this this study. And:. Law. Five years. Yes yeah it's a long time but that's that's what I wanna do an and . I think that I would I would be pretending it if I made an exam to to become a teacher or doing something I don't like becau. . So although a it it it will take me five years. Five years more I prefer to be: a Law re related to languages and . Yes. . okay. 