Joe Jose. Yeah. Just a quick look. I'm not very sure I don't know if I'd like to speak about number three I I think it's number three. If I've ever been to an English speaking country or something like that. Whatever I want to talk. Oh that's ah I've been to London for two years and here we say the BUP and I was studying that there and well it was a funny experience because I I spent about three or four summers in London and I really liked it. And then one of the last summers when I finish school I was with my family there and then well I was supposed to come here again to start high school but I didn't want to come because I I meet some friends there and I felt comfortable with everybody so I decided to study there and at the end I spent two years studying and then I didn't want to continue being there I missed my friends and my my family my Spanish family so I came here. And well the experience was quite good. And I met many interesting people because the college was not an English college it was a special college for foreign students. Like it was something like that was the name and well there were Japanese people Spanish people well many people the classes were in English we were studying we studied sorry the same things as English people but with special teachers and so on. So we we met not only English people. But people from all around the world and I think that this school was quite good. And the methodology was different from the Spanish methodology and well ways of teaching and is not the same to be a student here and to be a student there the role of students is quite different also. Well there are some differences according to what I noticed between being a student here and being a student there there you are more you participate more in the classes. Here is like the teacher comes you listen to him or to her you take notes and nothing only you speak if the teacher ask you. To say something there is is completely different the teacher speaks of course but the class is more active you you speak you say what you think or sometimes the teacher didn't explain anything it was you who had to prepare the class and to explain it to the rest of the class and they'd correct it well this kind of things but I I think it was fun and well food and all this kind of thing that are very typical and everybody who's been abroad then speak about food and about people a:nd nightlife and all this kind of things but I suppose that everybody is bored probably to listen to these things. . Everything. so I cannot tell you I really liked this or that thing cause I liked everything. Two years. No the the thing is that I have a cousin. Who studied English philology so I went there to live. And then she invited me to go every summer and one of the summers I was with her and then she told me why don't you stay and you spend here a couple of years or one year you study here and I say look I don't know but at the end I accepted and I were with her and studied there so it was funny and well nightlife is quite different well it was complicated because for example if I if I went now it would be different because now I know nightlife in Spain. But I started to: know something about nightlife when I was there I was about fourteen or fifteen. So I had not come out very much when I was in in Spain so my first experience was there and it was it's quite different. You don't for example you: you are in the street for five o'clock in the morning you're alone nobody is with you. And here and here in Spain is completely different. Well there are some things that are very very similar so this can I don't know I don't remember how to say that in English but this kind of thing when you go you have not a proper age to enter some some places and you buy just drinks and glasses and all this kind of things and you go to a park to drink something here you say I don't know how to say that in English. But we did all this kind of things and I didn't know that those things exist there also so. More or less that the young culture is the same. The young culture the youth culture I don't know how to say that. Now well it's about in some in some places sixteen and they were called light places for example to these ones and normally eighteen or even twenty-one. I could go to some of them but. Yeah but not very often. . no I don't like this no. I don't like the Spanish systems is quite different and you learn a lot in the other way. Because it's not the same the teacher says you have to prepare this topic and you go to the library open books you look at many many many books and then you try to: to make an effort to explain the things better and to s to simplify what you want to say. Just because you you try to make the others understand you. And in that way I suppose that is what the teachers usually do. And it's you learn a lot. But here just to listen to the teacher you don't know where it is has been doing to prepare the classes you don't know if it's good or if it's not good you don't know if it's too complicated or not you just listen to him try to memorise to learn by heart what he has told you and nothing else so you don't go to the library to improve or you don't go. to the library to to compare you understand. So it's different. And we've got too many classes and we don't have enough time and there I had only two or three classes per day so I spend I studied more than I study here but it was more productive. Yeah. Yeah. So yo yo yo you're studying here I suppose. you prefer that system. . Yes now teachers here are trying to change they try to make the classes more participate and all this kind of things but it doesn't work when you are used to doing some things from the age of. four or five years old when you start studying it's impossible to change. By the age of twenty or twenty-one. . It's completely different and there's a big difference which is amazing I think here when you start the year you spend about half the year or seven months even to get to know the rest of the students. There it's I don't know a week you know the names of everybody and you. Or perhaps you get on well well or better sorry with some people than with others. But it's different now. Here in Spain you spend a long time to get to know the rest of the people and you got one class or you study one subject but some people don't study that subject and then you change your class and all the people come and then is complicated and in those classes which you were a hundred and fifth you were a hundred and twenty because I've got some classes here with that amount of students is completely complicated. To get to know everybody and sometimes you finish in the year you say I know twenty or I know twenty-five it's impossible to get to know all these people sometimes you you meet by chance one of those persons you can you cannot you say hello because it's familiar to you but you cannot remember the name. or sometimes you don't even say anything . Well. it depends on the way you look at it. . you should look into that a bit deeper. and you will get all all those that kind of things happens and everywhere I suppose. . well but it was funny it was good so I cannot tell you many negative points. From my experience. well I don't know what else I can tell you . 