. . . . Topic three the film . there is a lot of time I don't know yeah I don't know the: the title in English. It was really really interesting. But it was really long. Because it lasted about three hours more than three hours. And in the cinema: it it had they had they had a pau a pause. Yeah to go to the toilet to drink anything:. Yeah . Yeah. Yeah. Fantasy. Yeah it's really: fantastic and there it appears a lot of really good places very beautiful very mystical and it was a really: a really good film. The best the best . Oh I don't know . The actors was: were really really good in my opinion. And the: the thing that I: that I like most of the film was the the places. The images the landscapes. It was really beautiful. What. Star Wars no . I don't like these types of films. Yeah but in another in another sense not with . Yeah machines and:. Not at all no. Only: only of of one director. I like Amenabar. No. No I haven't seen: the last one that I did from this director is The Others. Yeah. It was really really good really interesting and. no. Almodo Amenabar. yeah yeah. Yeah perhaps. Yeah . I think. Because because I like it I suppose. Yeah in school and I: I always like or languages in general because in my first and second course of this degree I studied also Germanic and Itali Italian and French. And it it's very interesting to: to know how to communicate with other people. I: I want to communicate in . In other language. No . Yeah. I want to go but this summer I think that I: I can and perhaps the: the next year I will go because is really good for improve my my English. I don't know perhaps to:. Scotland because I: I see it in films and the landscapes really: beautiful. Or perhaps England. Because is nearest nearer from here and. I don't mind. Perhaps to travel in a: in a hotel or in a: travel agency or in a academy of English or giving particular lessons but not in a secondary high high school or. Because you have to study a lot for the exams and is really really difficult. And you have to dedicate through a years or more only to study and it's really difficult to obtain a job in in sch. Yeah and I think that I don't want to: to talk about the same thing always and the the people the: I don't know at this age. It's really difficult to:. To control and to teach. And I prefer to: give lessons to the: . One to one or or in a university but in a university is more difficult yeah. 