And here and here in Spain is completely different. Well there are some things that are very very similar so this can I don't know I don't remember how to say that in English but this kind of thing when you go you have not a proper age to enter some some places and you buy just drinks and glasses and all this kind of things and you go to a park to drink something here you say I don't know how to say that in English. But we did all this kind of things and I didn't know that those things exist there also so. More or less that the young culture is the same. The young culture the youth culture I don't know how to say that. Now well it's about in some in some places sixteen and they were called light places for example to these ones and normally eighteen or even twenty-one. I could go to some of them but. Yeah but not very often. . no I don't like this no. I don't like the Spanish systems is quite different and you learn a lot in the other way. Because it's not the same the teacher says you have to prepare this topic and you go to the library open books you look at many many many books and then you try to: to make an effort to explain the things better and to s to simplify what you want to say. Just because you you try to make the others understand you. And in that way I suppose that is what the teachers usually do. And it's you learn a lot. But here just to listen to the teacher you don't know where it is has been doing to prepare the classes you don't know if it's good or if it's not good you don't know if it's too complicated or not you just listen to him try to memorise to learn by heart what he has told you and nothing else so you don't go to the library to improve or you don't go. to the library to to compare you understand. So it's different. And we've got too many classes and we don't have enough time and there I had only two or three classes per day so I spend I studied more than I study here but it was more productive. Yeah. Yeah. So yo yo yo you're studying here I suppose. you prefer that system. . Yes now teachers here are trying to change they try to make the classes more participate and all this kind of things but it doesn't work when you are used to doing some things from the age of. four or five years old when you start studying it's impossible to change. By the age of twenty or twenty-one. . It's completely different and there's a big difference which is amazing I think here when you start the year you spend about half the year or seven months even to get to know the rest of the students. There it's I don't know a week you know the names of everybody and you. Or perhaps you get on well well or better sorry with some people than with others. But it's different now. Here in Spain you spend a long time to get to know the rest of the people and you got one class or you study one subject but some people don't study that subject and then you change your class and all the people come and then is complicated and in those classes which you were a hundred and fifth you were a hundred and twenty because I've got some classes here with that amount of students is completely complicated. To get to know everybody and sometimes you finish in the year you say I know twenty or I know twenty-five it's impossible to get to know all these people sometimes you you meet by chance one of those persons you can you cannot you say hello because it's familiar to you but you cannot remember the name. or sometimes you don't even say anything . Well. it depends on the way you look at it. . you should look into that a bit deeper. and you will get all all those that kind of things happens and everywhere I suppose. . well but it was funny it was good so I cannot tell you many negative points. From my experience. well I don't know what else I can tell you . 