Yeah so now they have decided to: to reunite all of them every year I don't know if it would be possible or not because. Everyone has some things. but they're going to try. Now he's fine. Yes well he was of course affected like all the rest. But he was really happy and he says it's the best way we they had to celebrate her death he thinks well he's not very religious but he thinks that his granny would be happy to have them all like that happy and singing together. Not sad and crying because after all we know that death is is inevitable no so so it was nice in a way. It could be worse. Yeah. . Well I could say that we should follow their ad not their advice but their example. maybe it's because we are not used to death that we always take it so badly. I always think I'm not sure if I'm right or not it's my opinion. Yes but I think that we should bring children to: funerals. You know because in that way you make them see death since they're small they're start accepting it because then if yo first time you see someone dead when you are old you get so impressed because you're not used to it that it's harder to overcome it. That was it when I have children if I ever have them I'm going to bring them to the. yes not because I like it of course but because I think it's the best thing to do. Although it's sad but we just can't do anything to help it it's the way it is so. Yeah. It it yes I remember the first time I saw my grandfather when he was dead and as you're not used to it yourself you don't even know what to do or anything. Yes but everyone dies every day and in all over the world. yeah exactly. That's true yes we're not used to it now if and we know it can happen anything you can have accidents you can have anything but. You just can't accept that you are at home doing whatever and suddenly have phone call that someone has died it's so hard but I still think that it's because we are not we are not well educated on that. Taboo. Yeah . so if you want anything me to be asked. What were they about a country that I have visited. Well yes my mother is an air hostess so I fly quite often. Yeah well most of them to Mexico. Because she is in a Air Mexico so I've been there plenty of times. Yeah. oh yes have you did you like it. I love it. ah I've been there quite a few times. Lovely yeah the thing that impressed me most about Cancun is that the first time I went to the beach I thought it had snowed do you as the sand is white. And a such shocking impression. I just went there and I said but look it's snowed . . yeah it's so transparent. Yeah it's very nice the only thing I see about that is quite sad. That there's such a difference between poor people and old ah not old sorry rich people. You can see the mountains up to the top with houses of poor people with that with no one to talk about without friends. And don't having not having any water. No light anything. It's so higher and then just beside it you have huge huge mansions. it's so weird such a lovely place as it is you have so many differences. sorry. Oh yeah. I know yeah and also in Mexico well we have lots of friends there that have worked with my mother they have afterwards they went to live there. That they want to come back to Spain they say it's horrible that there it's really horrible because you can't have your children free and and then with the tranquillity that nothing's going to happen. There's so much crime and so much so many kidnappings and things like that. So and it's always because of that. Yeah. where did you stay. A friend's house. a hotel. yeah there's plenty of hotels there. yeah that's very nice I've been like about five times or so. Yeah. And also to Acapulco. I don't know. The only thing about Acapulco is that the the beach is not so clear as in Cancun. And the waves are really really strong and that's a problem because f for people who love swimming like me. You can't do it. Only the people that live there I mean know how the sea well how to control it more or less. They can see it. 