. I-l. . . twenty. Spanish. In Bullas in my village b-u-double l-a-s. In Murcia here in Murcia. No twenty minutes. Spanish. Spanish. Yes. Yes. Okay and do I have to read. I will choose topic number two. I was last summer in Ireland. Yes and I think it's wonderful because I went there to to work as au pair. And the family was very nice and they they put me at and they were wonderful people they had four children and all they were lovely and I learnt about about many things about their life their kind of li of life because they are very similar to Spanish people. Because I don't know how to explain but they are we have something in common perhaps they are also Catholic as we as we are. And they se they see the life as we do and the landscape in Ireland is wonderful everything is green it's very different from here from Murcia because everything is dry and . In Dublin. Yes a village called Malahide. Yes and I knew a lot of people and Spanish people too and this weekend they are going to come here to visit me yes very good friend. because my cousin was working two years ago in a friends in the house of a friend of the family and I called her and I I asked if he knew some family for working there and she wrote to the family and they they called me. They phoned me sorry and I went there and I would like to come back the next year because I'd like very much . Two months. Yes. Yes perhaps . Because I didn't speak so much before I was ashamed. And when I went there I had to to speak English because. I need to communicate with with other people and. No is no no no not difficult but: because they: they speak very slow and. But at the end the they spoke quick fast because you have to learn English . I have to: to mind the children and the housekeeping too I have to: to iron to do the ironing and to clean the house no not cook the mother of the family would cook and the most important thing is to mind the children. Yes they pay me only fifteen no fifteen fifty pounds per week but they give you the: a bed and the: and the food so it's because everything is very expensive there so. Yes but some weekends they were: they were out with their friends and the Saturday nights or Friday nights I had to stay at home with the children but usua I usually sta I usually go went out with my friends and. I had Irish friend and Spanish friends and also Italian. Italian friends. In the: school I went a school there and I met. Yeah there I met French people Italian people Chinese people Japanese people and Spanish people and when we went out to the pubs for example we meet some Irish people. It's wonderful . Yes they dri they drink so much very much beer the Guinness the famous Guinness. Yeah and they are very nice because there are all the drinking singing dancing . Yes. Yes I would like perhaps the next summer. I will come back. No I prefer living here because the weather. the weather there is all the time raining and no I don't like vey much the weather but. Yes to visit or for stay for staying there a year two years or months but not forever. . The most the: the landscape. Yes there's something magic there there are a lot of tales about the: le the luc the lucky leprechaun the leprechaun is a little man who . Who: who is very lucky and he is supposed to give you luck. And everything is is magic the they believe in the: fairy tale tales and . 