. . . Yes. . with c. . . I am twenty. Spanish from Spain . S pardon. In Murcia. Spanish. also Spanish. Yes. Here. Okay. E: topic three. Er: The Others. Er: I think is two months ago or one month and a half more or less. well at first everybody: said that it was particularly special because Amenabar is very good at how do you say at playing with with the: au audience but. Amenabar an Spanish director. Er: but the thing's that he: he worked with the: her of Tom Cruise and: and so that's why the film was so so famous so: but the thing's that people and also the critics er: said that it was so: so fantastic so so good nah when you see the film pf you: it wa the film the film is very good very good but you: you expect more you expect to see: something better but the thing is the: the film is: very good. And: basically what: what he does is to play with the audience and: you: . It's about a: family a: woman with with two childs with a strange illness that consist of well the things is the: the chil the children cannot be ex exposed to the: to the: natural ligh natural light to the: s to the: sun shine and they are kept in a big mansion in South of: England and the husband i: has gone to the to the Second World War and: er: three: housekeepers come back to the to this house to: to: take care of his children and then happen a lot of things and: basically the director what he does is to: frighten you with strange things that at the end surprisingly what he: what he tries to do is to: to make you think as if it was a: a: a ordinary film in which a family lives in a in a big mansion and: they frighten with ghost but the thing is that they are the ghost have you seen the film menos mal and: and they are the ghost and the: ghost they think they have seen are the: the normal people and: durin during the whol the whole film you think that they are frighten by: er: er: how do you say by:. Yeah by the pal: bad: ghost that are:. No during the oth during during all the film you think that they are the good people and the ghost are bathering a all the child. To: to them but at the end you: you realise that is the other way round. not not that scary the thing is that the Amenabar is more fond of the kind of er: frightening in which tha con consist of is a kind of s er: what he wants is to: frighten you by seeing you the f by seeing the face of: the: the main character and the: when the children: c cries or cry or or: or shout instead of those films in which you: you get ca scary ri by a: a big explosion or: a big ghost no wha what he wants is to: is you to: s what he wants is you to: scary by seeing you: by seeing the face of Nicole Kidman and things like that. But the thing is that there are thr three or four scenes in which you get very scary. Sorry. i in fact I I've seen the three films of Amenabar . Yes I it it plays with you a lot. 