Yes more or less the three questions but ah well I have had several problems with them because ah none of them ah suited to what I expected or because well as far as the the other country the trip to other countries or whatever ah is concerned I've never been abroad. So I've always been here in Spain learning English here but never abroad and ah according to films I don't like films very much. The well the last films I have I have watched ah have been ah some films related to novels that I have I have had to read here. At the university they were Frankenstein and ah Jane Eyre and they were all right they were quite good especially Frankenstein although ah the plot wasn't exactly like like the one in the novel. but ah but in some points it was even more interesting than the novel ah for example when ah all the the issue when when the bride of Frankenstein is ah revived or well she comes again into life and ah and he and and the monster Frankenstein and his monster fight for for the right of having that bride and all that and in that ah that point it is maybe most interesting most more romantic or and ah not very much according to that film and well I have watched I have recently watched other films for other reasons because well I'm I'm working as a teacher of English in a private academy and ah well maybe once ah in a month or something like that I have to: play a film to the children. For them to watch it and listen to English and all that and ah last ah well before Easter ah we were watching Space Jam with Michael Jordan. And all the the the cartoons of the Warner Bross and all that and it was very funny yes they they they enjoyed it much and with them I have also watched ah how was the name of the oth Doctor Doolittle. It was also. Very funny. Yeah those kind of of of films like aimed to ah to young people to children and all that and this are the the the most recent films I have I have watched because well I have just told you I don't like f cinema films very much and it's just what I have what I have done recently. Yeah. 