Joe Jose. Yeah. Just a quick look. I'm not very sure I don't know if I'd like to speak about number three I I think it's number three. If I've ever been to an English speaking country or something like that. Whatever I want to talk. Oh that's ah I've been to London for two years and here we say the BUP and I was studying that there and well it was a funny experience because I I spent about three or four summers in London and I really liked it. And then one of the last summers when I finish school I was with my family there and then well I was supposed to come here again to start high school but I didn't want to come because I I meet some friends there and I felt comfortable with everybody so I decided to study there and at the end I spent two years studying and then I didn't want to continue being there I missed my friends and my my family my Spanish family so I came here. And well the experience was quite good. And I met many interesting people because the college was not an English college it was a special college for foreign students. Like it was something like that was the name and well there were Japanese people Spanish people well many people the classes were in English we were studying we studied sorry the same things as English people but with special teachers and so on. So we we met not only English people. But people from all around the world and I think that this school was quite good. And the methodology was different from the Spanish methodology and well ways of teaching and is not the same to be a student here and to be a student there the role of students is quite different also. Well there are some differences according to what I noticed between being a student here and being a student there there you are more you participate more in the classes. Here is like the teacher comes you listen to him or to her you take notes and nothing only you speak if the teacher ask you. To say something there is is completely different the teacher speaks of course but the class is more active you you speak you say what you think or sometimes the teacher didn't explain anything it was you who had to prepare the class and to explain it to the rest of the class and they'd correct it well this kind of things but I I think it was fun and well food and all this kind of thing that are very typical and everybody who's been abroad then speak about food and about people a:nd nightlife and all this kind of things but I suppose that everybody is bored probably to listen to these things. . Everything. so I cannot tell you I really liked this or that thing cause I liked everything. Two years. No the the thing is that I have a cousin. Who studied English philology so I went there to live. And then she invited me to go every summer and one of the summers I was with her and then she told me why don't you stay and you spend here a couple of years or one year you study here and I say look I don't know but at the end I accepted and I were with her and studied there so it was funny and well nightlife is quite different well it was complicated because for example if I if I went now it would be different because now I know nightlife in Spain. But I started to: know something about nightlife when I was there I was about fourteen or fifteen. So I had not come out very much when I was in in Spain so my first experience was there and it was it's quite different. You don't for example you: you are in the street for five o'clock in the morning you're alone nobody is with you. 