. . . Are they in a the correct order or I have to imagine what is happening. Okay. I think that this woman has but maybe maybe they don't know each other before before this situation but I think that he's he's painting he's doing a well he's painting her s I don't know he's he's painting her his. Her face and and everything and: I think that when he finish or when yeah when he finish he ask her about about the picture and: and she and she doesn't like the the hair he has he has paint and she ask him to to change the picture and then he he change completely her h. Her hair and a few things like shoulders I think or silly things that that kind of silly things that women say I don't like to have this here and. And: then when he when when he finish she she put the picture on the on the wall and show it to her friends and we can see that she's a bit ugly or not really: not very pretty and the: woman in the picture is you know very nice woman so her friends are like do you think that you look like her. Who're you . And that's it I think. no the hair and the the eyes I think and the nose everything all the face because she's like she has a big nose. and in the picture the nose is perfect and the lips it's a completely different woman. At the beginning it was it was very good the the paint was very good because it was it was her. The they were very similar but at the end. It's another another woman . maybe he's not very happy with with this because normally. People who paint like to to paint as similar as possible with the with the place when they are copying but if she if she's going to pay him why not why not changing everything. The the picture is good as well but it's not her that's the only thing I wouldn't like to do this because if if I if I if I paint someone completely different and he or she show it to their to their friends look at look at this it's a a painting of a painting about me people is going to think well this this paint this this person is not going to is not a good a good painter and whatever so. I wouldn't like to to paint someone different . no no because if if she had it she she wouldn't have mind to to have the first the first picture and I think that's when when she saw the the picture he noticed that she wasn't very very very pretty. So I think that at the beginning she wanted to change maybe bit small things like maybe you can do or you can paint my nose smaller. A bit smaller but. Once you start you can't stop . So maybe. . 