. . Nineteen. Spanish. Here Murcia. Spanish. Spanish both. Yeah . . . . I think number two. I went to: to Holland. . I went to to Amsterdam and all stroke me there because th all so th was libertinage because the women on: on some you know. In a glass and all the people said I like that one I like th and I say what wha there were many: and it was in th in the Red: in the Red Quarter. And: and there were all full of sex shops. And the children running from the street and there were no: all the they could see everything. There and they could go in and out and with th went to school the school was just by the:. Sex shops and . well. Er: mm: four years ago. Not the: end of schoolyear: travel. When I finish secondary school. it was ten ten days' journey and: and we went to Paris to the Netherlands to Belgium to: to many countries but one day . . yeah. yeah but yeah th the the city was beautiful was all full with tulips. And flowers everywhere green and grass and very very clean. You you couldn't see a: a paper on the:. On the street like here for example . Ver very beautiful. Yeah we went but I think was yeah in Amsterdam we went into: a boat through the channels and: we could see anything the: Anna Frank museum. II wou I only: saw that from the outside so. But it was a: the house was ver striking cause you know she was living there during the:. The war and. Yeah . I I I like it very much. Cause it's striking because it's real you can see that it's real and they they were hiding because they they were going to kill the: Gestapo was going to kill them so. the people I I think they're:. They're okay they're very nice. The food well . Yeah. Of course I like to stay more days cause I just stay well two days I think. So well running all the time to see the things. . I I I loved. It's very beautiful. The: the Louvre the museum. The and all. All the things that the Dome: was just three days so: we were running from one place to another. No. No nothing . we: there was a: we vote say where do you want to go. To this place or: to Italy or to a tour. In the: centre of Europe we said a tour cause we can see more. More countries. Paris we passed through Belgium. And then: Amsterdam and then back to Paris. And then here. No never. I think next year I I'm going I'm taking an Erasmus grant. Well I hope I get one. And I'd like to: to go there or to Ireland. Some English speaking country cause I've never been to. To one so. Was I I: have always liked English. Since I was five years my mother er: take me to: took me a: an academy say:. so since I was a: a child I've been taughted. And that's all. Well I'd to take a: a masters or something like that. Cause I ha I want to keep on studying and do C-A-P for teaching in a: I I don't know what to: well in the future I'd like to: to be a teacher I hope. Or maybe translate I don't know if: that's not very: ver no there are not many: job opportunities so: . Yeah. I think so . . 