. . Yeah. yes I've chosen the first one. An experience sorry. that's right yes well about an experience which taught me an important lesson. Well it wasn't very long ago it was like a month or two and it was when my boyfriend's grandmother died. Okay so she was more or less old and but you wouldn't expect it because although she was old she was okay we didn't think she was ill or anything. And so when we were at home and they phoned us and they said she had died so we went there and the funny thing is that they had their family divided into Spanish people and Italian. Half their family is Italian so they phoned everyone in Italy and everything so they would come and have the funeral and and all that. So then the well when all the family came there are seven the grandmother had seven children but now they are big of course. But she had seven so four of them are in Italy and three here they all got reunited and they had the funeral and all that and the thing is that why didn't mark me in a way is because after the funeral you're supposed to be sad and all that's what we are used to. But the thing is that when we all went to the house when the grandmother had died and after she had been buried and all that they were so happy couldn't imagine they weren't happy because she had died but they were happy of having all of them together again. Since they are in Italy and they don't see each other a lot so they were all really happy remembering things often when they're small when their well their children well grandchildren were all there I was there too though I wasn't from the family and they were all singing and really funny it was something that really marked me. And they made me think well death is normal and we have to accept it and although it is really hard to overcome all those things because it does people can still laugh and be happy so that's it. Yes it is it is weird we never see: those kind of things or hardly ever. Well of course yes they were sad in a way they did cry and all that but. What was really funny was that well one of the sons of this of this person. when he was young when he was twenty or eighteen I don't know he used to compose songs. And play them with his his brothers and sisters and the guitar and they sung and everything. So he found them because he has been in Italy for so long. And then when he came back he went back to his house he found them somewhere in his when where it had been his room he found his songs and oh look look what I've got here. And they all sang and everything. It was really nice definitely. Nineteen years. Since they haven't been all together well I know that the parents of my boyfriend went to Italy to see their brothers and take him back but to be again together the seven of them hadn't been since the death of his fa of their father. yes yes they did say that they said isn't it funny we only get together for deaths. Yeah so now they have decided to: to reunite all of them every year I don't know if it would be possible or not because. Everyone has some things. but they're going to try. Now he's fine. Yes well he was of course affected like all the rest. But he was really happy and he says it's the best way we they had to celebrate her death he thinks well he's not very religious but he thinks that his granny would be happy to have them all like that happy and singing together. Not sad and crying because after all we know that death is is inevitable no so so it was nice in a way. It could be worse. Yeah. . Well I could say that we should follow their ad not their advice but their example. maybe it's because we are not used to death that we always take it so badly. I always think I'm not sure if I'm right or not it's my opinion. Yes but I think that we should bring children to: funerals. You know because in that way you make them see death since they're small they're start accepting it because then if yo first time you see someone dead when you are old you get so impressed because you're not used to it that it's harder to overcome it. That was it when I have children if I ever have them I'm going to bring them to the. yes not because I like it of course but because I think it's the best thing to do. Although it's sad but we just can't do anything to help it it's the way it is so. Yeah. It it yes I remember the first time I saw my grandfather when he was dead and as you're not used to it yourself you don't even know what to do or anything. Yes but everyone dies every day and in all over the world. yeah exactly. That's true yes we're not used to it now if and we know it can happen anything you can have accidents you can have anything but. You just can't accept that you are at home doing whatever and suddenly have phone call that someone has died it's so hard but I still think that it's because we are not we are not well educated on that. Taboo. Yeah . so if you want anything me to be asked. What were they about a country that I have visited. Well yes my mother is an air hostess so I fly quite often. Yeah well most of them to Mexico. Because she is in a Air Mexico so I've been there plenty of times. Yeah. oh yes have you did you like it. I love it. ah I've been there quite a few times. Lovely yeah the thing that impressed me most about Cancun is that the first time I went to the beach I thought it had snowed do you as the sand is white. And a such shocking impression. I just went there and I said but look it's snowed . . yeah it's so transparent. Yeah it's very nice the only thing I see about that is quite sad. That there's such a difference between poor people and old ah not old sorry rich people. You can see the mountains up to the top with houses of poor people with that with no one to talk about without friends. And don't having not having any water. No light anything. It's so higher and then just beside it you have huge huge mansions. it's so weird such a lovely place as it is you have so many differences. sorry. Oh yeah. I know yeah and also in Mexico well we have lots of friends there that have worked with my mother they have afterwards they went to live there. That they want to come back to Spain they say it's horrible that there it's really horrible because you can't have your children free and and then with the tranquillity that nothing's going to happen. There's so much crime and so much so many kidnappings and things like that. So and it's always because of that. Yeah. where did you stay. A friend's house. a hotel. yeah there's plenty of hotels there. yeah that's very nice I've been like about five times or so. Yeah. And also to Acapulco. I don't know. The only thing about Acapulco is that the the beach is not so clear as in Cancun. And the waves are really really strong and that's a problem because f for people who love swimming like me. You can't do it. Only the people that live there I mean know how the sea well how to control it more or less. They can see it. 