Paz. Paz yeah. Yeah. Yeah topic two because it's easier so well. I would either talk about the US or Britain which are the places where I've been to. . Yeah okay I can compare both . well I've been to to US three times I was I went to the Midwest well I had a a good experience over there I was working there. in the tickets department of a water park and well I think I I improved my English very much over there. and well in Britain is different because well like two weeks ago I went there to to London and Cambridge. With a couple of friends from Spain. And well I found out that there are no Englishmen in in London seriously everyone's from Spain or France and Tur Turkey or well I I only met like a couple of Englishmen who who were born there in like. But the the people I met were there just for one month or a year or something like that so I don't think it's a good place to learn English it's very cosmopolitan and you can have a very good time there but like something else I find better in America is the the wages like you you get more money over there than in Britain and everything is cheaper compared to to . Well and well it's like the the positions you can get in in the States are better too I believe at least for me. And well and also people in America for me are opener than in Britain like last summer I went to Chester in in England. And I don't know I didn't make any friend at all. And though was sad because when I went to the States like I I met lots of people and you know still I'm still in touch with some of them so it's sad and what else can I say about these two countries. Sorry. the the first year for two weeks the second year for t four months and the last year for two months and Britain just for a month and the last time two weeks more or less well I I suppose I can't compare because I haven't been for so long in Britain but. Like my experience is that I it's obvious that I prefer . But well I don't know next time I would like to go somewhere else maybe Ireland or Scotland because that's nearer. I don't know and well about food I don't like any any of those places I every time I went out for for dinner I went to Italian places or French places because I'm very special with food and picky and. So I don't know I I wouldn't choose any any of those places. both. Well sometimes I mean you can try different kinds of food because I I mean Spain you have Spanish food and even though you have restaurants from other countries. People don't usually go to I don't know Indian restaurants or because you know I I don't know why but we're very stupid in that in that sense. We won't want to try different things. The thing that what we have here is the best and the most healthy thing and well I don't know if it's true or not but we're that stupid we don't. You don't even try different things but when I was abroad I I tried you know things from I don't know Italian or and they were okay but if I have to choose I prefer Mediterranean food so I don't know in that sense. Italian food any I mean pasta or yeah pasta probably I love it. I don't know. And have you heard about a place well I don't know if you've been to to the States but there's a place called Olive Garden. my favourite if I go well I would live there in all in the restaurant I mean. ah which part. Ah. I went there twice. I went to to New York city. Ah big place. And but I I stayed there with a family for two weeks and near Albany was near Cooperstown. You go there. Ah Skid Skidmore College. Yeah I know some people from there. . Tracy I don't know her her last name Tracy something well I know many people from three years ago. Who were here in Spain. And three years ago and last year too I do I don't know who was from well this year I have an exchange from K from Skidmore his name is Matt Matt something I don't know. you know him he's a very tall guy. from from Spain. Ah. But third course third . I don't know. well I don't know. What else can I tell you I don't know. about well I also went to Wales once. And it was very difficult for me to understand people over there but because. Sorry. in English yeah well they they spoke English. It's in Brit Britain. to England. They I mean they they speak English but they also speak Gaelic. Gaelic or something like that but th their English is difficult for me I I couldn't understand a word. I was talking to the people at the shops and . it was to me I mean it seems to me as if they were like I don't know the word like but dog zoo. I don't know so well it was the the landscape is very nice. I don't know like like Wisconsin have you been to Wisconsin. No it's a nice place. Like cows and and stuff. yeah it's obvious. Spain then America. Well I I remember like the last summer I went to to the States I I went on a trip with my friends. And we we we drove through thirteen states. it's a very long trip very tiring were. We saw a lot of stuff yeah and like we went to from Mid West to New England and that was my favourite part like Boston and yeah Boston Massachusetts in general. And I was very good trip we went it was it was a good year and a good trip for me because I like the previous year the the the previous course. We well in in the university we I took am as a course North American litera literature. And it was on am Thoreau and Hawthorne and Emerson well I don't know many of those authors. And I I went to when I went to Massachusetts I saw all the places where they were born where they s where where they wrote and like for example I I went to see Walden Pond. In Concord I think and then I well I also I also went to Plymouth and then this year I took a course on American history and when when we were studying things and facts and hap that happened then over there yeah I went to that place and I went to this other place and I remember the Lex Lexing Lexington Paddle. Because I went to this place and I saw that and. And I take a pictu I took a picture with the with the statue and I don't know or like the the Mayflower. Yeah and everything so I mean for me it was very nice my friends would tell me yeah it's normal . And they were like okay okay Paz take it easy okay so. . . Like where. . Salamanca. It's near Madrid yeah. . it's way different now. From those times well the river is the same and the bridge and but I think the city. Is very well it's it's the same city but you know it has lots of new buildings and so well but anyway you should go there it's a nice place. . it covers two hours and a half or something like that. Three hours about. 'mhm'. 