My surname: my first surname is . E: twenty years old. Spanish. Murcia. Spanish. Spanish as well. Okay. . Okay. Yes e: I've chosen the first topic. And my: my best experience I think I had erm: is my travel to: to England yes I went to England last summer and it's it is been the: it has been a: a good experience because I have learnt to: to take my own decisions my: my by mys by myself because I: I was travelling alone for the first time. I went to Cambridge. I was working as au pair in in a: big house I was looking after three children two boys and: well and one girl and they were lovely but they were very naughty yes and in: it was very good because I: firstly I was very afraid because I: I was going to to somewhere I: I didn't know I haven't been there before and: I have to: speak in English and it's a new experience and it's it's difficult to: to have a good relationship with everybody you: you haven't known the them before and I remember arriving at house house and I I felt very nervous but she she was very friendly to my and it's it's crazy because when I: I arrived in: in Cambridge I: I thought that house was a crazy house because the: children were very naughty and then erm: Rosa er: erm: had been making an extension in the house and and now the builder was making new new rooms and a new kitchen and everything was dusty and very untidy and: als also there were students who: who lived in: in that house because the they were studying in Cambridge and they they were staying at Rosa's house the she: she offered them one bedroom and and moreo moreover some food the the the the the dinner and: you know and: what else. oh the weather it it was. It was very changeable yes it was very changeable but luckily I: I: I was I was wearing some clothes some summer clothes and some winter clothes. . Yes last summer I: I went in June and I stayed there till September till the end of September yes I have spent all the summer abroad . Cambridge. it's a: it's a very beautiful city it it: it it's full with many colleges. Yes but that colleg those colleges looks look like monuments big monuments yes somethin something like cath cath cathedrals or something like that I: was visiting some of of these colleges but many of the places in: in the colleges were closed to: to the to the tourists. And then you: you can't see: all the college. You: you only can visit some ones. But the: there were ve very big and and very nice really . Yes of course but it was hard to to speak to me because when: when I went to: to Rosa's house the: there were a: there were a: an Italian boy a Russian boy a Libyan and: what else and a Japanese boy. Then the: all of us were talking in English but you know eac eac each one has hi his or her own accent. And then it's a bit more difficult to understand. and for example Rosa's parents are from It from Italy. And then they they had they have a: a unreal accent. But then I: I I get used to: to their accent. And I: I could understand bet better and better . yes I I'd love to: to go out to go out to go back there because I: I've taken fond of the children. I'm missing them a lot at this moment yes of course I've been writing to to them yes because last month it was Joseph birthday. Yes and then I: I sent a postcard. yes and I: I also I wrote a letter for Rosa. . Yes and she she has also written a letter for me I re I: received this letter some some weeks ago I'm not sure. I: I don't know I I: I think I could visit them: next summer. If I: pass all my exams but I'm not sure. Anyway I'd love to to go back there. Because I: I don't want they they forget me. I remember I: I was very sad when I have to: to coming back Sp to Spa to Spain because I: I thought they they they were going to to forget me very soon because they they were you young children and you know children: for: forget very soon but I: I co could never forget them of course. . 