Yeah I I bought one book but I haven't read . I have to read a lot of books here in the university and I. I don't have enough time to. yeah . And: I: don't know what else. people the h the host family that I lived with. Is were very very friendly with me and everybody the teachers that we have and and the people that I: I knew in in Ireland here from Spain from different parts of Spain. And I have a good relationship with them and ah don't know what else. Ah the food was a bit different from from here. Because I think they they don't cook like here it's only salads or or sandwiches lots of sandwiches sandwiches everyday . not all because when we went out. We we ate a lot of chocolat chocolates and and hamburgers and. Yeah. And: the: the timetables it's were different too. Yeah me meals I mean. I used to have we used to have here in Spain the big meal at two o'clock and. And you know and in Ireland is at six I think but well it's another another kind and of way and the of life and I think that it's it's good to: to know different cultures and. And ah I would like to travel again in in summer or but I don't know if I will can. don't know. It's it was it was an academic scholarship. Sorry. I had to pay only twenty thousand pesetas. And they give you all things the the means of the the they pay you the travels and and the school and everything. yeah. Yeah I think the state pay the family for. For having you in the house but I don't know. I think it's it's not for money for they do the family do do this they it's I think it's for new new cultures too for having a. Other ty other kinds of of people. The family with I was living. have other other studen other Spanish students other years. so. Yeah. I don't know . I don't know I think all families are similars. It not depends on the country. Yeah ah the we lived in a small villag village well I don't think it's a village I think it's no they don't call is it it a village. this they they say that it was a town but from my point o from my point of view it was a village because it was very small. And I don't get used to: to it. So the the way of life they they have they live in a: in a house and I live in a flat small flat. And they live apart from the: the the tow from the town and the activities they: they did. They they spend a lot of time in the gardens and and playing: sports and they drink they drink a lot of beer too. I think it's similar in Spain. And there's I think there's well in in the village not in Dublin or in great in great cities but it's they have less possibilities to: to do things. Because if they want to: to go out they can they only can go to the same to the same pubs or. The same places. Another thing that struck me was that Ireland is very: very green. Comparing to Spain and and I don't know what else and. The music their Iris Ireland music. We: we have a teacher that taught us to taught us the Irish music that the Irish dance I don't know what is called is ah I don't remember but. It was very typical and in in the pubs they they play they play music. there was m musicians and well I think there's they don't they don't know anything about Spanish music for example. Whe when we when we went to a pub they only put Ricky Martin and. But they don't they don't know anymore . . but the. Yeah. Yeah do you like. 