. here in Madrid. . . . yes yes. . Yes here in Spain it's not very common I mean it's common to see old people on the street but these people usually they are they are nuts or they have a kind of psychological problems ah. They don't want to be on a a kind in a hospital or in a something in some place in which they can be more secure and more comfortable and all that. But they don't want to be to stay there and then you see that the other kind of people that they want to stay working and working and don't stop I don't know. Here in Spain well there're a lot of poors and well there's a lot of a kind of and also you can find different kinds of cultural people working groups. On the: traffic the traffic lights and you know. I I I'm sure you have . And well you you'd I mean you can give money you can give the money but you are almost sure that that money is gonna be bad wasted so I prefer my well my my my case I prefer to spend my time it's the only thing that by now I have money to to give them but I prefer to use my time and to know exactly exactly where this money is going to to go to to be needed and all that. You mean the other topics. . . Yes I've been in United States. yes. In Wisconsin and it was very nice well I was with a family and they were very nice to me and I miss them a lot and I know I I don't know I don't have sure anything but I think that I will go to see them I don't know if this summer or in September or in October I don't know but I would like to go and I I like well I like better United States than the United Kingdom England I've been also in England and I don't know I prefer people from the United States than from England they're more. Simple and more normal I mean they're normal. In in the United King Kingdom they're just prepotent and they treat you always bad or more or yes I think in most of the cases they treat you as if you were lower or something like that and sometimes I feel bad. Yes. And in United States I didn't feel that that way so I prefer to go to the United States in order to improve my English and all that I I always thinking of going there instead of the United Kingdom even thought I know I have to pay well much more money for flights and and well and also the my stay has to be shorter well longer in this case because you cannot pay. More in a regular flats you see your family in in two weeks or something like that so you have to stay. A longer period so it's worse in that aspect but it's better in the other one I feel better much better in the United States. Sorry. I I don't understand. Yes yes. No I don't know how well I would like to work there. Yes I would like to work there but I know it's difficult. Well I'm I'm by now I'm doing a certain course of Spanish for foreigners. And you have to specialise in that aspect Spanish for foreigners and I'm doing that courses so I I'll see if if I can get any job there with these courses and with my and in order to improve my my my English and so I I will see what I will do there. Is one of my future expectations. 