Yes yes I have choose I've chosen the topic one. Yes. so well it has been about a experience that it happens to me this morning. Yes. In the in the subway. Ah I usually takes the the train. The . To come to the university but they are on strike so I've chosen the the subway to come to university and it has been a well it's been a seventy seven old woman very old woman he was sitting on a well on the places that there're on the train. And I don't know why well I have sit by herself by her well by her side I don't know and I have sit by beside her and I don't know why one of of another woman who was sitting in the other side has starting to talk with her to te to her about I don't know I don't know exactly but I have sitting in the other side so she was in the middle the old woman. And the old wo the old woman has said there's a another old woman stand and do you mind to to if she sit down and I've said yes of course I don't mind and that's was the thing but then when the the old woman I don't know if I'm if you're following me. More or less. well when this the second old woman has left and I have sit again in the other in the same place. And the old woman has started to talk about his life well her life. And she has said that he he's she's seventy seven years old she's working she has no so daughters sons she's not married and she has to work because she has to pay his flat or her flat or whatever and he cannot stop working because he need that money and it has been very impress for me because it was she was a very very old woman I mean yes the old woman that we we s see here in Spain with a little I don't know how to call it in and all with in black and very old woman I don't know how to explain it very very old and awkward and she seems like for a I think she has said she she comes from Toledo something like that so she's not from the capital she's not a an urban person. Yes and the ha she has impressed me very much I don't know why because she has said a lot of problems that she had had in all her life and and she's still working so I don't know but it has impressed me very much what she's still working with seventy seven. Years and she's doing a great effort and she's working and doing everything better than than you and me that we are just young youngsters. than than her and it has well it has teach me something I don't know her her strongness and her it's a bit very . Yes yes. No no I've I I didn't know her. Yes I have seen I've seen a wom m more times in the in the subway. But the same that you see a lot of people and you don't you don't talk with anybody. cause you're always reading or something like that. You don't usually talk with the with the subway there's a lot of nuts you prefer not to . Not to establish any conversation anyway. Yes that was sad I don't know how to say it but she has make a a life a:. Yes she was she didn't have sons daughters and she ha she has also said that it's possible that she didn't finish to to pay the: the flat that she is buying by now so I think she's working but she didn't know well she doesn't know when he can't left work or she can be out of work with seventy seven years I think she has worked a lot you know all her life. Yes it seems very sad ah she has said also that he didn't receive any payment or any salary from the government because she has never I don't know how to say and so she doesn't have any social secure or something like that so she has to work to survive. Yes . . here in Madrid. . . . yes yes. . Yes here in Spain it's not very common I mean it's common to see old people on the street but these people usually they are they are nuts or they have a kind of psychological problems ah. They don't want to be on a a kind in a hospital or in a something in some place in which they can be more secure and more comfortable and all that. But they don't want to be to stay there and then you see that the other kind of people that they want to stay working and working and don't stop I don't know. Here in Spain well there're a lot of poors and well there's a lot of a kind of and also you can find different kinds of cultural people working groups. On the: traffic the traffic lights and you know. I I I'm sure you have . And well you you'd I mean you can give money you can give the money but you are almost sure that that money is gonna be bad wasted so I prefer my well my my my case I prefer to spend my time it's the only thing that by now I have money to to give them but I prefer to use my time and to know exactly exactly where this money is going to to go to to be needed and all that. You mean the other topics. . . Yes I've been in United States. yes. In Wisconsin and it was very nice well I was with a family and they were very nice to me and I miss them a lot and I know I I don't know I don't have sure anything but I think that I will go to see them I don't know if this summer or in September or in October I don't know but I would like to go and I I like well I like better United States than the United Kingdom England I've been also in England and I don't know I prefer people from the United States than from England they're more. Simple and more normal I mean they're normal. In in the United King Kingdom they're just prepotent and they treat you always bad or more or yes I think in most of the cases they treat you as if you were lower or something like that and sometimes I feel bad. Yes. And in United States I didn't feel that that way so I prefer to go to the United States in order to improve my English and all that I I always thinking of going there instead of the United Kingdom even thought I know I have to pay well much more money for flights and and well and also the my stay has to be shorter well longer in this case because you cannot pay. More in a regular flats you see your family in in two weeks or something like that so you have to stay. A longer period so it's worse in that aspect but it's better in the other one I feel better much better in the United States. Sorry. I I don't understand. Yes yes. No I don't know how well I would like to work there. Yes I would like to work there but I know it's difficult. Well I'm I'm by now I'm doing a certain course of Spanish for foreigners. And you have to specialise in that aspect Spanish for foreigners and I'm doing that courses so I I'll see if if I can get any job there with these courses and with my and in order to improve my my my English and so I I will see what I will do there. Is one of my future expectations. 