No. well I guess that in picture number one there's like a painter and a model yeah and he's painting this woman she's sitting on chair and well I don't know this guy has a beard I don't know the word beard. Beard okay and what else well I don't know and in picture number two I don't think she she likes the the picture he's he's painted of her so she's complaining about something like she's probably saying that's not me or something like that and well I don't know why because she looks very similar I mean th the picture looks very similar to the woman and then in the next one in the next picture 'eh' the the painting or the w the woman painted is a way beautiful than than the model so I suppose she she will be happier and actually in the last one she's she's happier with with the result with the last result of the picture and she's showing that to to her friends or to three women I don't know if they're th her friends or not. And I don't think they're very happy like they're looking at the picture saying 'eh' that's not fair because you're not that beautiful or something like that maybe. Because I don't know the the name of of this disease or whatever it is but this woman seems to have their her eyes close together that. Yeah right and in the in the painting she's beautiful she she even has better better looking hair and and stuff I don't know what else. Probably about about her eyes I don't know. Or. she's looks smaller also doesn't she her. In gener like her her head and her her hair. Is closer to to her face. I mean she doesn't have any volume and here it's perfect like. As if she came from hairdresser's or or something. But her dress is is the same and I don't think she's skinnier here is more or less the same she doesn't have any problem with her weight I think . So he doesn't have to to paint her slimmer or something like that. Yeah she's probably too serious and in in the first one compared to the second one. And but the the position is is the same position is the name. The position is the same one in both pictures. I believe I don't know . I probably maybe he he thinks that that the picture is like really it's a a faithful representation of reality. And then he says okay if you want to look beautiful I'll paint somebody else. I don't know it's probably something like that or he he's probably thinking here in which ways he he can improve the pictures as she's happy with it. Or yeah and I don't know. Yeah very good because here in the previous one I think it's very very close to reality where whereas in the second one I don't know if it's the same person or not. They can probably be sisters or I don't know. Yeah I think so I I would if I were if I were them. Well you know a little bit she's dark haired and in the picture she's also dark haired and she's white and she's white what else probably she has the same colour for eyes yeah I would. Because I was because when you get older. You can always tell your your grand grandsons n your granddaughters that that was me when I was young. making believe you you know. I know . . Okay. you're welcome. 