Okay. Yes. Okay let me look at them. a man painting a girl well I think that k here. yes here we it's a painter. Which is painting a portrait of a of a lady. But here the lady seems to be angry. Because she does not like anything here I don't know what but she seems to be very very angry. So here the artist come back again well perhaps is because of his hair. You have some here ah yes she's angry but well the artist has painted the hair as as the girl has. But well she doesn't like it so the painter comes again paints again this portrait with a different hair. With a different hair which I don't know wh why why she doesn't like her original hair but. And now the girl is very very proud of this portrait. And she shows this portrait to to her friends well and that's the end of the story of her friends seem to be a admiring that that portrait also the girl seems to be as I sa have as I have said very very proud. Of this portrait I don't know what her friends should think about it about her new look . That well that's another part of the story that's another story I think. Oh yes yes of course yes she seems to be very serious here. And it's almost a a Picasso . A very straight s nose. A mouth yes I'm here expression. With very very big eyes very pretty yes. Much prettier than in the second picture in the first picture sorry yes. No no no . no no no yeah well in the first picture she's portrait as as she is. But well perhaps she should change her her own image. And not just change in a picture. Because also all her friends seem to be very very proud very very proud of her friend and her new look. So she should change well eyes cannot change nose and mouth cannot change but well changing your hair is a first step. surgery yes of course if she has money. well . The painter well here s his expression seems to be like okay I'll do what you wish. He seems to be a bit annoyed I think. yes he seems to be annoyed just? okay I'll paint you what you want but that's not what I. What I want that's not what I see yeah. well I can understand this girl . Well if she likes to change her look in the picture okay. But I don't know that's that doesn't go in the in the I don't know in the profit of anyone. Not in the painters not in the girl I don't know also her friends no she should should think okay this painter paints very well but this is not you . Perhaps they'll say ask your painter to to make a a picture of anyone of us also. I don't know. that's almost almost all. Sorry. I I d don't understand you sorry. oh no I I don't know that perhaps perhaps not I don't know I don't know . well I I can't see why this girl is very proud she seems to be very proud showing this picture. but I don't know she must be a bit I don't know not silly because I don't like saying that people is silly but. just she is as she is if she's happy okay go on but. It's not her of course. Perhaps a a picture of a sort of Picasso would make her I don't know as . or something like that more more famous than this picture. Okay. Yeah I've lots of imagination that. Always my my stories go beyond almost on beyond the images but I should try not . . . There's something no if it's necessary. perhaps no no I don't think so. okay the same to me yeah. 