. . . yeah. . twenty. Spanish. Alhama de Murcia is is an h here. Yeah. Yeah . Spanish. yes. wow yes. . . I choose topic second topic. Er: a country I have visited have been in France and in: England but in France was many years ago and was very little so I don't remember very much but in England was two months ago I was from I was from I was from September to December and. In Manchester. It was not actually Manchester it was Salford. But it's very close. A: I was there doing a course of three months and I had impress because it's di very different everything it's very different there the culture and: the days are very short very very soon it's dark and the night. And: to go out at night for example people usually go out very early maybe at eleven and they pubs close at two o'clock . And here is so different because at eleven you are at home watching a film or something you usually go out at one or twelve and pubs close later. usua also people are different I think Engli English people are: are cold. Because when English people come here normally Spanish want help them to integrate or talk to them because we are we are more friendly but when you go there I was in: in a class with Japanese people and Chinese people and they were very kind but in the class I: in other classes I were with English people. But it like they don't like you they're they are dif they consider you different because you are Spanish and is like if you were: not so important like them and also I lived wit in a house with we were eleven and there were Spanish people and one girl which wer was Korean and she was diffe she spoke English very well because she has been she had been living there for five years I think and there were two two girls who were English well for: from Wales and another:. are you from Wales . And another from another part and it was very difficult to understand the: girl from Wales because her accent was. Yeah very strong. And it was impossible for me to understand her. The other it was: easier. And we: usually go out with them and they were kind but because we: started to spoke to to speak to them and we they didn't sp speak to us it was me and my friend wh who started the relation. And:. I don't know I think it it helped me to: to speak more. Yes because here I. and here I hear to: teachers and but not most things no and here I don't speak very much because I have no opportunity so to speak but there I used to speak with people but the problem was that I was with Spanish. Girls and we spoke Spanish very often so it was a problem. I think not. no I don't I don't want to come back again but or it was a really nice experience but it was only three months and it was a long time for me because without my friends without my family my house the weather was very different and now I don't want to come back but: maybe one day. Yeah in the future. I would like to be a teacher an English teacher but I think it's very very difficult because there are so many people studying this and you have to be really good to: to get it and as as there're lots of people and teach I don't know I think it's very difficult. Yeah I will tr. I: I will try yeah but I don't know what woul what would happen. okay thank you. 