. . Yeah I have. I think topic two. About my country I visited. And I I've visited not many countries and but the most the one I like the most was Ireland I went two years ago in summer for a month and I liked it very much very green very rainy ah. Yeah but the people were so nice so polite and I think that's what I like the most the people. It was I was with a family with two two three kids and a girl of my age who came to my house the next month and it was wonderful cause I stayed with their all the time and watch TV and went for walks and anything. A month. What excuse me. No no no just to visit. I met this girl well I didn't meet her it was my penfriend. And at high school I was given her address and then she was studying Spanish and we said okay why can't you come here to study to learn some English and then I go there to learn Spanish to speak Spanish and I said okay and then I went to her house and she came to mine and I think we both learnt quite a lot specially fluency and many expressions and lots of things that maybe you cannot learn here because of the type of classes and everything. No no with the but then you forget about them you come here then you don't know to to know and listen to them to people saying them so you forget. But at least you have something more. Oh I can't remember but. I don't know because I forgot them. But I don't know some vocabulary and very specif specific things but northern Irish people said like for instance they most of them did not say yes they said ai or I don't know that's one of the things I can remember but many more things and what I liked the least was the food. Yeah because I: usually have lunch at two let's say and there I used to have something like lunch at twelve maybe and then at four I had tea and scones and then at seven or six or eight depends on the day I had a supper or something and then at twelve something else to so it was a very different thing like a mess. It's not that they eat a lot but they eat many many times but few things. And I used to eat as much as possible because I didn't know when. was going to get some more food but no it's okay. Did I. I think so. because most of the things I ate it was chips and chicken and pizza not very healthy I was just wishing to come back to eat some food and vegetables and because I think it must be because fruit is very expensive there because of the weather. That the family did not have many fruit but I don't know. on Sundays we had something called screw or screw or something like that I can't remember and it was with cauliflower and chicken and ham and peas and anything s it was it was at least better than pizza chicken and cheese and. Yeah. For four Sundays cause it was a month I had the same but I didn't mind because it was very nice. I don't think it was religious but just because the whole family talked together and sitting on the same table. 