Okay. okay so I have to describe every picture or make a story or. okay. Okay so okay we have this is a girl that goes to a painter because she wants a portrait to be made and so the painter is just making his work and makes an image which is really faithful to her image but she is not happy with it when she sees it and she thinks that she is not beautiful enough or something like that and so she tells off the painter so a few minutes later he tries to really make another picture of her and this time he just makes a beautiful woman but she he doesn't really portray what he's seeing but he has to do it because she's her clien his client so he has to do his work and he has to sell the picture so he does something she gonna like and finally she's really happy because she bought it and she even shows it to her friends one of her friends is even showing her astonishment because she doesn't believe it is her. but anyway she's happy with her portrait and the painter has sold his work . No not as a painter . No no because he's not portraying what he sees. Perha perhaps a painter has to imagine things sometimes and not faithful to the see to the mere object that he's seeing so I don't know. The result is happy she's happy with her painting. Yeah. frustrated because he thought he has done a very good job. And so he can't believe what she's telling him. She's telling him off because she's saying that he had made a very awful picture of her and he hasn't known to portray her beauty. Or something like that and so he can't believe it but he has to resign and just make another picture. Okay in picture two she's really serious she's not smiling at all she has straight hair very very long which even makes her face more serious than what she is. and the third picture she's shown be really lively like her eyes are really nice and she's subtly s smiling and her hair is much nicer it's even a little bit curly. At the end of her hair and I don't know she's much more feminine. Like it seems much more as a photograph more than a picture. You mentioned the eyes. What's the main difference in the eyes between the real person on the painting. . No. Ah. Okay yeah. I don't know I imagine a girl with very dark eyes but very lightly like they're shining. . where. Okay where are you from because I have a friend my friend from the flat who's from Illinois. okay. one second she's ah no she lives in Springfield Illinois but she's. in Ohio. In a university but I can't remember. Yeah. . Yeah . Yeah. No I think it's very different difficult when you go. and when you come back. But it is much more what we think than what it is in real. Yeah and not the rest. Ah. yeah. Okay. 