. I am twenty years old. Spanish. Here in Murcia. . Spanish. And my parents both Spanish. Yeah. . Here. . Yeah loudly I'd like to interview you fn fo er:. . I choose number two. Yeah er: e: I only went to er: the only went momen I has erm: gone to: to another country was er: e: two years ago I think it was three years ago and I went to: London. And a I loved London. Because it was the first time I go abroad and: and everything impressed me and I was walking down the street and oh this house is a marvellous house. So everything impressed me and: for instance the: mm:. yeah as a student yeah because I was a: school er: i think I was finishing school and: the third grade I think er: BUP. So or I was there for a for a summer yeah. And I remember the: well I like the: National Gallery it was fantastic and the: Trafalgar Square and Piccadilly Circus I love it. And also the: the streets in London . Oxford Street and Regent Street also Canal Street . So it was very expensive because I remember that erm: I was with my: friends and we decide to go shopping and then we: we we went in the street and then we saw so we thought let's go let's going so we we decide to come to the: to the: to the shop and er: the shopper attendant is that attendant saw us as . So we decide to: to go out and also I love I like the: this the kind of houses and and the gardens everything is different I think they have another mentality so:. th all of th er: things impressed me so I. Er: for instance er: in Spanish I think erm: due to the: to the weather we are people that express our feelings in a: different way or: so and and I think it influence the: the way in which they live for instance they: the weather there is always a: cloudy and: and it's always raining and so this influence the: mood of the English people so they they express themselves in a different way as we: as we do but for instance er: they don't care the way in which they are: dressed for instance so. Yeah and: and we we take care of th of that so: when you get up in the morning you s you think about this T-shirt and this trouser. Because they fit or something like that and they they does . Well it's different yes I like it and because am . Yeah I have no eh: haven't how do you say and: so I like it and above all we er: what I like most was er: the freedom I don't know way but I found myself there in a new country with new people everything was new for me and and I found myself freely . Yeah eh; I was in a: famil was living in a: in a family and I think it was a mother a: father and they were beautiful people and: but they were not English he was a Polishman and she was Italian bu but they were they: they had been living in: in London for: don't know for years I think and they were em: they worked as a: as teachers in the school so they they try to explain the: everything to you very: charming or very so they were very sweet people and they have . Three children and I think they have one girl and two boys and the only one of the: of the children that I knew was the: the youngest boy and I was very he was very friend of mine because you know I was in: in his house so and: we get on very well and: also the: the er: I get very well with the: er: you sa how do you say em: when yo or his house the:. Yeah but erm: well er:. but but I me what I mean is that: one is the guest and the other is the host. So the: we we were the hoste the hostes and the: well another: another girl who was er: er: with me er: his hers. 