. Yeah. I would like to: talk about a film. this is the last film I I've seen and I think it it is called . I'm not sure if that's the title in English. And the the main actor is Ewan McGregor. And I I went to to watch this film because I I like that that actor. especially in in another film in Trainspotting but this film has nothing to do with with the other. And I didn't like the this film it is about he's a policeman. Who has psychologic problems because he he lost hi his daughter and he's continually he's the the whole film talking with with his daughter and she's dead so. First that I I didn't like and that that's something that we we have to swallow. At first at the first moment. And he he's a policeman as I I said and he has to to investigate about a rich man's son. That he's he's he has been charged of taking taking money of his father's business and this you know Ewan McGregor is investigating him and while he's beholding this guy this guy is murdered by a a woman. A very pretty woman. And the second scene we have to swallow is that watching that situation of that murder Ewan McGregor fall falls completely in love with her. So I think it's not a very pleasant situation to: to fall in love but but. That's the second scene we have to we have to swallow and after that he he give up hi he gives up his his work and and continues following that that pretty woman. And and what he what he does is guarding her from from poli from police because she's she's being looked for . And he he helps her in many times and she she thinks that he's a kind of angel that well. I think it it's a very stupid stupid film at the end he they meet each other and there's a scene that she takes her car and drives very very fast he also takes a bike a motorbike and they go almost together. They try to to take their their hands and that moment she has she has sh she suffers an an accident and we don't know if at the end she dies or not that's the end another a stupid ending. And I thought that maybe it's me maybe I didn't understand the film. And I'll try to to to read some some comments about the film and there are different interpretation that she the girl is the is his daughter. Is the dead daughter because she also had her father dead but well it's something like sen but it has no sense. Because she she's almost the same age as as he is. So she cannot be his daughter. And I don't know my my interpretation is that that film is the worst film. I I've ever seen one of the worst. Sorry. Sorry. yeah. . difficult question. Because I would like to change the the whole. Film maybe a happy ending. Something like well they they already meet each other. So she could also fall fall in love with with him they. No that but yeah but I think that that end ending has no sense also because she's he's al always guarding her and try to keep her safe. From the police so. . no. No I I think that a a good ending would be you know they they fell in love each other because he is completely in love with her and that's another another key thing that because I well I don't think that she can be his daughter. because that would be incest. You know . and I don't know and a good ending would be that I I said because he's really in love with her. And seen she has also psychologic problems so I think both are mad so both needs both need help and both can be good together. also mad surely mad. Yeah. maybe. it was it it it is not clearly said in the in the film he says he he says that he no the the the girl the doctors said that he didn't guard her. So now it it is the his his chance to guard the the girl the murderer. So the daughter encouraged him to to guard the the girl. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know it it he says something like her mother takes took took her away. From him and then but it's some it's something like an accident. Not not I think she was not killed. No. 