okay. . Ah okay . okay. Okay it's like there's a girl sitting there and it's a painter who is drawing a picture of her and: then okay he really paint her like she is in the way she is and then he finally finish it she look at the picture and she didn't like it at all I think . Because she really saw herself. So he: the painter start to draw a new picture and he paint a really beautiful girl. that it begins laugh> doesn't look very much like the real one and she: looks very satisfied when she showed the picture to: her friends I think she think she looks like that . . Oh for example the hair in the first one it's like you know it's all straight and like not so much nice and in the second one it's like very nice and ah I don't find the word it doesn't matter . Very nice and fashionable and like good looking and yeah like really nice cut and. All that stuff and. Yes: I mean yeah of course the second one she looks like nicer and younger and like a top model face or something like that. And also the dress I mean even if it's should be like the same one but it doesn't look the same because it is like another kind of body . Yeah s I mean in the second one she looks like model or something like that yeah. Like perfect or. . No I don't think he is because he: really make a good job you know with the first one I mean he probably ask him about to make a picture of her and he really did it and that I don't know she has a different imagine about herself in he in her mind probably. about him I think he's not agree with her because he really do that good job in fact. Yeah . I think they are like okay if you're happy thinking in that way that you're like the ch the same one in the picture I don't think they believe it at all . well I I think I wouldn't have asked for some kind of that no I think ah probably I would like to: show myself and if I don't like it just try to convince that Ana that's you so . Don't try to change it . Herself. Probably not because. I don't think I think maybe she has too much confidence and she really don't get what she is I mean she have been thinking so much like I'm really pretty and she really believe it and. She really change her mind a lot . Yeah herself. Yeah that she is that in fact. well she probably feel like that I mean that's good. But also you have to be realistic . I think. 