I also went to London that also impressed me very much but I only I only was there for four days too so. I want to go there more more time or to Ireland or to some place to with another language to talk in another language and practise really because here I talk but not. I don' live in English you know what I mean. And. Oh Spanish English and very little French. I don't I can't talk in French. . . . No no it doesn't at all. Some wor but how how is your Spanish. Oh well then well some words are similar but no. . yes yes and haven't you been to Italy. and Italian is much more similar. Yeah yeah I went there fifteen days. no no no no Italy I was in a I don't know how to say in English that some sta students we went there first and then they came to Spain. Exchange yes and I lived I li:ved there. with the family. Yes very nice the on the only problem was that we lived in a in a very small town. So: to go to school and to go to som some places where there's a bar to have some drinks or something we we we had to take the train and spend a lot of time travelling but. It's very nice but we went to to well I don't know the names of the cities in English no way so. Many cities very quite beautiful. Fifteen days I think. . Yes and they were very nice and then to my house came two Italians because there was a: problem that confusing that I couldn't stay in one house then I go to the other and I say to both girls well come both of you in my house there's place for you so you can. And I think that they were all the Italians that were with us. They were like more: shy than we cause we went there and the the Spanish were all always I don't know going from place to place and and talking with people but when they came here I don't know they they well I remember that my both my two girls only want only wanted to eat always all the time. Cause they came to my house and my father gave them a paella. And they were crazy and they were just eating but then we went out and they went to a McDonalds to have a hamburgers all all the time they were eating and then. In the night when we went out to see things and to go to dance and that. They all were like sitting down like shy I don't know but it was a great experience. yes. I think they enjoyed it. And for: a couple of months I had I write I wrote my my Italian girl and she wrote me too. But now we because this was a long time a some years ago. Yeah I was in I don't in institute I don't know how to say that in English either . I don't know. high school or: I don't know. no no no nothing. They were studying Spanish and. For example the mother of my of my house. didn't stop didn't talk Spanish but she talked to me in Italian like if I understood so and I understood most of the things but sometimes I was like. Yeah okay . and I didn't know what was she talking about. yeah. well men are . Very we went to a disco and we had thirteen over around and they were very very handsome. Yeah yeah yeah. I don't know how in the night. Ah. I with my with the girl that I lived there was no problem because her her boyfriend had a car. and he: drove us home so and we got four in the morning and no problem. At least mine I don't know if the others had any problem but I don't think so and we were there and Spanish people want to go out and. I think they they hadn't any problem. Good very good always pasta pasta pasta yes. No but quite good and when they came here I'm sure they loved it cause they only ate and ate. Yes. It was quite good and I would like to do something like that in France or in. I don't know in any place. Or to America or something like that but I think that's too expensive for me but I would. . I don't know here well they are but there are but the one that I know best is Erasmus. And they don' give you much money. You have to pay a lot of things I think they pay for the for the student for the study I don't know how to say for the study. The what you do what you pay for s for studying. How is that called. You pay for that they pay for that and a little bit money to for you to live and. You need a lot of money more to. To spend one year out and I can't my father would no my father would tell me no no no because it's like a holiday or something like that. I feel like it because I think that you go I don't know to any country and you you are there like I'm. Yes. yeah yeah yeah and I think that teachers also are less strong or less hard with you because you are a st str. You are a foreigner and. it's like okay so. It would be very nice I would like to go to Greece. Yes. And spend there one day I've also heard that in Greece men are quite handsome so. My mother told me that . . yeah. . France. No but not anywhere else out of Spain. In Spain yeah but I would like to go to Holland all across Europe yeah then to New York perhaps Russia ma. many many places. And what do you think about Spanish men. yeah I agree with you. Completely. yeah . no but in this university there are not very: many:. Good guys no but out in the street sometimes you get no but then no in Italy for example it's like. Look at that one and that one and the other. . . . And what do you: where are you from. . . good New York I want to go there and yeah. 