My name is . nice to meet you. Ah yeah. I think that I I'm going to chose the second one about an important experience in my life. Okay well last summer I went to Alicante with some children cause I am a free time monitor and I had to spend a lot of time with them in a farm and well we all all the monitor and I live with them ah about twenty-four hours everyday and it's really excit exciting and tiring and stressing I I can't explain but I like it very much so I think that this summer I am going to go ah again because I like a lot we have to do a lot activities and we are very tiri we are tired because we have to: to get up. At eight o'clock in the morning and we have to go to sleep at: three o'clock at night. Yeah it's all. Yeah no children children has to go to bed at at twelve o'clock but we have some meetings. after then when they are sleeping. And we only sleep five hours everyday so we have to drink a lot of coffee and. Things like that and when I when I arrived to my home I sleep a lot of time . yeah it is a volunteer working yeah. I don't know I think I will go again but ah perhaps I can't because I don't know because of working. Or s studies. I don't know. Sorry. Is for only fifty days. Fifteen sorry . Fifteen days. Ah okay they are from eight years old to ten years old so they miss their mother and. Their father and they are always crying . The first week then they are better much better. Yeah. Yes. . Yeah. Sorry. Oh we: have to be with animals with cows and with ducks and something like that sometimes we go for short trips and sometimes we go to the beach and something like that. But it's stressing because they are very young young and we have to to pay attention to all all things to to the cars to the in the beach. To the water it's. But it's nice. Sorry. I don't understand . Ah okay we have ten ten free monitors. Ah about one hundred. Yeah but in small groups for example in my group there are five monitors and they are only twenty children. so we have to pay attention to five. Okay we divided it and we have to: to know them. Their face and their names and okay they are they are very very sad when they call to his families. Yeah they call to to mother or to father they began to cry and the mother is very very worry about them. And you have to speak and say that it's not any problem there isn't any problem and things like that . Oh I don't know oh yeah twice twice in fifteen days twice so it's not. all the time. Yeah . The worst the worst thing I think was the food. It's horrible horrible and we have to make children eat all the things because if they don't eat they can't they can't do the activities and yeah they . Yeah. And we too we have to eat with them so . Oh it's horrible it's horrible. Yeah as in a refectory in a school yeah we eat chicken tomatoes and salad but I don't know. and the kind of soup that is very yellow because of the colorance and it's horrible . But we have to eat it because if you don't eat children don't eat. Sorry. Yeah . yeah although I. The water is horrible too because in Alicante. it's a very bad quality and okay we have to drink in some glasses. Of colours. But they are not from I don't know the word in English they are not of of of crystal. They are of plastic and . Yeah. Yes we had to drink. Oh because there are the normally for the farm . And we have to keep the food for animals for example we have to separate the the food from the plastic or from the paper and. yeah. Yes and well we have a swimming pool and. Yeah. Yes yes. and we have to pay a lot of attention. For that. Yeah. . Oh I don't know I am: studying at a teacher training college. English as a foreign language and I think I will I will apply some work or something but I don't know because I think that it's very difficult for us. to get a job but. Oh I think there are a lot of people that study English nowadays and it's terrible because you only have two possibilities or: you make the statement exam or: you have to: to work in private school and for that you have to to had a very high level of English and I have never been in England or I have never been in in America in United States. So I have lot of problems. Yeah but I don't know because I have my life here and. Yeah and I think that you don't go to England for one year or two years you really don't don't don't learn. Yeah and I am not I think I I can't be in England. Yeah yeah for a long time. I don't know perhaps in the future. Sorry. Oh I have finished the speciality of primary education but. Now I am studying another speciality and I. This month this month I I finish my career so. I feel. Yeah. this this month yeah. Yeah I finish the twenty-eighth of of May so after that I don't know . Yeah but. Sorr. I don't know I don't know if I if I pass all the exam. I only have to to finish the class the lessons. And oh but if I I fail some exams I have another exam in June. So. Ah. I don't two times. Twice yeah so . Yeah. yes yes I know. 