. okay well this is a a painter. He's painting this figure or something and then she saw the the picture in which he is she is in herself because she has been painted and maybe she doesn't like very much the expression of the of her face the painter has has mark and the painter change the ears change her hair and change change the expression of his fa her face and and then well the the woman is showing her picture in well to the to her friends or whatever and I don't know but I think this is not very very equal the woman in the picture and the woman in the . It's not very similar it seems different totally to to the other and well just that . ah typical phrase I don't know maybe that she didn't like very much like herself in that in that picture and she's trying to to co convince the the author to change several things of the hair about the facial expression the eyes also. Are change well I think that in the first picture is more equal than . I think the author was right so that she didn't like it very much that she she was in that way I mean the first way the first portrait. Of cou well of course I suppose the same that I'm thinking . That this is a different person totally as she is not the the same person. But well if they don't say anything maybe because they're very polite. and they don't try to to depress depress her something but I suppose they're thinking the same that the the picture doesn't reflect very much the real appear appearance of the of the woman. well I think she's not happy never in any of the four pictures. She didn't show any smiling expression because she's always in the same face and with the same eyes so she didn't seem very very happy I don't think. Yeah well yes in the first one well in the second one she seems a kind of angry. With the painter. And in the second one she seems normal I I mean she doesn't reflect anything special she doesn't seem a very happy person. So. Either in the first or in the in any of them so maybe in the second one is is the one in which she shows angriness. Bought painting. You mean bought. Ah well I yes I suppose because when you pay something you you always try to get what you really want. What you really paid for. So I think she has paid the the painter. Because if somebody gives you something you don't usually see any defeat or at least you shouldn't see any defeat or any fault. Because is a a present or is a a gift or something but in this case I think if she said something is because she has already paid the painters she can complain about. About that. . 