Yeah she's gonna come in July I think I think. we don't know it's something we: we have to wait and because Ukrainian government he: he used to to change his laws its laws sorry it's laws like every three or four months so you never know. Yeah yeah. She has parents but:. Let's say they are not really good parents so. now she's in orphan how do how do you say. Orphan orphan the place where they. Yeah the orphanage so she's there now and it's I mean it's more difficult now because now she's like like they used to call the children sons and daughters from the state so it's really difficult to: to: bring them back I don't know but we're trying and we don't know if it's gonna be for two months or for:. The rest of her life we don't know because they are used to change the laws so we only have to wait and until . No never never never never I want to but my mother: says that no no it's better if you stay here because I know you and if you're gonna be there from you arrive you're gonna be really sad and because you go there and you see a lot of children and you really want to bring all of them back. So not but to Spain so it's better if if I stay here at least that's what my mother said so. we've never been there never. Yeah I love it . Yes yes. I was in Holland I arrived on Saturday. yeah I was there for three months and. Yeah I was studying with the: Erasmus programme and well it was it was was really really really really nice and yeah I came back in on Saturday and two years ago I was in Sweden and it was also fantastic too cold for me. it was it was fantastic yeah and. Yes yes but less than in Sweden but yeah it was cold it was cold. Yeah it was raining well it's raining the whole day and windy and but the the place is nice. and we were in Harlem and it's a small small town and it's like. really cold. I like them yeah yeah but I don't know if the rest of the people is the same as me but when I arrive Holland I I had a: a an idea in my mind about Holland because there. usually they are used to say that Holland is like the you know the free land and things like that but it's not as that it's it's not like that it has the rules and it it's better it's better because it's not like free land you can do whatever you want no you can do whatever you want but. inside the law the law so yeah but I liked it it was so nice and yeah it was . Here. Yeah I'm studying for being a teacher but in a in English language and yeah it's good. Yeah. yeah more than at the beginning because at the beginning it was like okay I want to be a teacher but I don't really know in which speciality so yes and now yeah I'm happy yeah because it's better than I though before. I was in my practice period in in the first and second year no the second and this year. Two years . And yes yes I like it. I like it. I would like to do it in maybe: thirteen fourteen years old but I was doing it in ten from ten to: twelve years old yeah yes but I do prefer when they are thirteen or fourteen. Yeah older yes because. Yeah yeah . Everyone used to say the same but it's because in my opinion you it's easier to have a a really sensible communication with when they are older. That's my opinion because when they are ten or twelve they only want to play and they're always like running around the class and. but yeah but it's it's good it's good really yeah. Yeah I hope so . Yeah I hope I hope I want to start in September with all these courses start but I don't know if I'm going to continue studying I'm going to continue studying another thing or: I don't know . well mayb I don't know the the the name in English but here we call it it's like to learn more languages and to be a: translator. Yeah that's it so that's what I I want to study yeah because I like languages so. I know something about French. And well little sentences in other languages but . No but I know French a little bit and. I love reading. Yeah I love it. . normally I used to read history books I love history boo. yeah yeah maybe I'm a little bit strange. Yeah . Yeah but I love history and when it's a history book when it's some something I mean not real it's good because you enjoy and you learn and yeah I love it. Yeah yes that's it at the same time. It's easier yeah. I don't care I love any all I mean from medium age until nowadays I don't care just history and history and history. I like I love riding horses. Yeah it's well it was a long time since I don't do it but I I would like to do it again because I love horses . No . I don't have anyone but one of these days I'm gonna to be I know that and what more what else I don't know I enjoy reading riding horses dancing yeah yes dancing I was dancing when I was child like ballet classic dance and it was good it was nice but now I don't dance any more. Just on Sundays Saturdays and Friday in discos and things like that. But it's not the same so. No it's okay. Yeah I like to go to the cinema but it's not something that that I really love so. Like hobbies hobbies no. . . no no I no when I was. yes I've got a lot of history books no but no nothing else no I don't do it . 