hi. It's . Yeah it's the first one it's a. all right it's about an: experience I lived and okay I'm going to talk about something I lived five years ago. And it was okay in my house there was living an an Ukrainian girl from Chernobyl and. Yes because we wanted to: I mean in my family we are four my parents my brother and me and we want to be one more but my mothe:r she said that she didn't want to be pregnant again to get pregnant again so we were looking for for another son or daughter so finally we decide to ah find an Ukrainian girl. we wanted to but: when we talk with the sorry with the association who was preparing these things. They said that it's im it was impossible to adopt one from Ucrania from Ucrania so: today we're trying I mean we: th this girl was in my house for a. A whole summer but: at the end of the summer we decide to: to be a little bit more with to stay a little bit more with her so: finally she was here for two years and we I mean we thought okay since now here for two years for sure she's never gonna go back again for to Ucrania but finally she had to do it so we were really really sad and . Because after two days you feel like she's another one from your family and this summer so I mean she went to: he she went back to: Ucrania. sh when she arrived she was five six years old. she was really cute and. You know . And two years I mean she she went back to to Ucrania and everyday we were talking by phone with her and he was calling us mum father or daddy or th to my my brother he was her brother also and things like that so this summer the last summer we tried to have her again in ou in our house and finally we are going to do this summer so: we are really happy and it's a I mean it's a good a really good experience for: all of us because she taught us she taught us a lot of things because okay you want to help the rest of the people are used to send some money to: some countries. but it's not the same when you really are: seeing what you are doing it's totally different so that was the: the topic I've chosen the the experience I lived. 