. My name is . yes and this is my third year in teacher training. Okay. Yes more or less. Okay. I choose about a city which I have been. These three months because it was very nice for me because I I have been in Belfast in Ireland. With a Erasmus. yes. No. With a Erasmus grant Erasmus grant you know yes. And I have been for three months and: it was very very good for me yes because people in Ireland are very very friendly well at the beginning I was very bad because I was only the one the: th just the: the Spanish girl yes so when I when I came in there I was like I'm alone here all the people were Belgian . And they were talking all the time in Dutch so it was horrible for me but at the third day. Yes in English but they spoke all the time in Dutch so it was very difficult for me to: to k enter in the: conversation but but in the third day I think three . And it was very very nice. Yes and the school the university the college was very very nice it was like a castle. yes it's like a film is. And: we have about ten lessons during a week. But only we have we had ten weeks because then we have to: to do the: the school experience in a school. We only had two: weeks in the college. Yes because then we have to do the: school experience. yes yes. Well I were I was with children that: they are five and six. years old. Yes but it was very difficult for me because they are tha don't have teeth . And in Belfast the accent is very difficult. and with this kind of children is worse . Because . I mean can you repeat please . Yeah. No I my teacher was Laura Mrs Laura McAlister and for me it. Yes. But for me it's very difficult because all the children have to: call you Missis and in Spain they call me Laura. yes and I have to say I I said to them I'm Laura and the teacher no no no you are Mrs Penelas and me ah okay sorry yes no but the teacher was very: very nice an and she was very young as well so it's very good for me. And but I I think that it's better to cheat to teach there because they they start their lessons at nine o'clock and they finish at forty to two so it's a short time. Yes. No like here for example I work in a school as a monitor. Yes in Majadahonda do you know Majadahonda. yes and my school finishes at half past five. it's very late. Yes so there is very the morning pass very very: quick. And it's very good they have a three breaks. and also they have brun lunch in the school and they are very sweet and the school the for example here in my school the the principal and the teachers are very: serious. Are more serious I think but there. The principal and the teachers ah you're Laura okay do you want to: have a: a beer with us okay come on. yeah yes. you are yo yes you are great you are very nice okay don't worry they are very very sweet and the yes. yes yes because I I went to England as well. . but I think that in England they are more more how do you say for example they have more distance between you and them. yes. yes because in Ireland when went in a pub or something which part of Spain are you from now. And England nobody goes to you to say anything if you are not English so. I prefer Irish. yes I prefer Irish and I I lived in a: in a how do you say in Spain it's a how do you say in a: residence with a lot of people in a flat that we live a lot of people. Yes we we live all together the Belgian the: Denmark people the German people the Spanish. yeah. Yes. and we lived all together so we have a lot of fun in Ireland because all day we have breakfast with the German with the Denmark people it was like. Laura are you here and me oh no please. ah okay. . Here. in the third year this. This is my last year. But I think that this university this college is very very good. because yes I have been in Complutense. As well yes because I have studied three years of philology yes before. yes. but I didn't like it no because we have a lot of subjects and: the subjects I don't the I don't like them very much no and I prefer to teach children than to teach teenagers. Yes so for this reason I chose teacher training my mother said to me are you'll crazy. After three years but I think this wa it was a very good choose. yes and I'm very very. Yes. I'm very happy here because we are only fourteen people in th in my classroom. yes but some subjects I: we we are with the music classroom as well because we are very few. And and the relation with the teacher is very very good because. Yes. Yes. Yes but for example we have sociology and other subjects and in this subjects we are with the other with the oye the oye the other for exampl for example primary or cause we are we are only fourteen. So we are together. yes and the result the: teachers are very very nice for example do you know Susana. no Susana María all the teachers are very very good. They also give her telephone numbers so it's very close the relations. so it's very good. Here. for example during the weekend yes I work so for this reason I have to hurry up every day because I have to: work half past twelve in the morning so I only have to: can stay here until twelve o'clock so in the first year it was very good because we have we can we could eat together as something as to go to Madrid to go shopping but this year I can't do it. Yes but during the weekend I: we usually for example with Bea another girl we meet together we go shopping together and we stay together in Belfast as well. so we are a good friends now. Ah study yes. I al I always study here in the library with Bea. Because we prefer studying together it's good because I come on you're you're going to study this page and me this page and now you have to tell me okay yes we all we always do this. Going to the cinema. I love going to the cinema this Thursday I'm going to the to see the Ali Ali film. because yes I ha I got tickets to go to the I don't know the day before you can see it. yes yes I can we are going to to go this Thursday to see Ali and: last week I saw Blade two. yeah yeah it's a little bit violent. Yes but it's good because the special effects are very very good. Yes. 