Hi. . Easy one . I:'ll talk about a country or something like that it was number two I think. . Ah. okay as I was as Erasmus in Sweden last year. And it was quite different even if it's still Europe but I think they are little bit similar but it was different not just because it was snow everywhere . And very cold also for example when you go in in a place I mean not a public place but a house or something like that you have to take out your shoes a little bit in the s in the in the front door and that's strange because we don't do it here. In Sweden. Mainly it's English. We also learnt a little bit of Swedish but you know just enough to go to shop some breakfast and stuff like that and a beer in a pub . You know important things . And:. Ah three months a and: I really like that they respect quite much the other ones and you feel it like for example in traffic I mean the bus stop when you have to cross the road or I don't know people when are talking I mean it's just first one person talk and the other one it's not like here that it's everybody trying to talk at the same time it's like it's funny everybody shouting in the same place and: also I think they are quite equal about rights I mean they really show that it's the same people working I mean the same as woman and men the same works and things like that. I think that's great because. Yeah I mean it was like quite much quiet and not so much people. Also it was a little to well little town it was a city anyway but you know compared with Madrid it was quite nice. Oh yes. a lot. . Yes and yeah but the people I mean you can talk when you come back and tell to your friends or your family but it's like okay yeah that's what it could be nice if it happens here but I mean if I do it all s I mean it's it cannot work because the rest of the people doesn't do it but. . yeah I think . Yeah I think they are in fact I have very good friends and. And boyfriend also so . Yeah. yeah also different. No no. we: have to talk in English mainly I'm also learning Swedish but my Swedish is not enough yet I mean just couple of sentence and you know some words and verbs but it's like so basic by now. okay we saw in last summer then on September he came on Christmas I went there on ah Easter holidays. and next time it's gonna be like on September October he's coming up here so. Yeah but it's really tough because we only have like chats though internet or. Sometimes calls S M S but it's really hard because you know it's so long time and it's well it's not very far I mean it's you know because it's still. Europe but it's you know we don't have enough money to pay a flight so . We still live very long away but it's okay. Ah yeah in winter it's cold but in fact right now you see here in Madrid it's raining it's like ten degrees or something like that and there it's sun shining and it's about twenty degrees so it has no very sense it should be colder. Yeah that's not fair . Okay yes. ah. yeah. Yeah I think it's quite interesting. and it's good in the way that you only have to study and not you know works and all that stuff and now that I'm finished and you know applying for jobs for next term and all that stuff and I start to be quite worried and stress because I've been I mean I know I've been studying many years and I hope I can be a good. Ah this is my second degree so right now four years. but I don't feel enough ready to: teach I mean that sometimes I think about and next year next autumn I'm gonna be teaching I'm gonna have like twenty-five or thirty children. Right there in front of me looking at me and it's like . I don't know it's I feel not ready I mean I think I need to know more even than I know and. Yeah maybe. I hope it's gonna be enough . Ah thank you nice to hear . Okay so . Yeah I hope so . But sometimes. Ah private probably. Because public you know you have to do that exam. For doing that and it's quite hard and I don't feel like continue studying. right now maybe later on if I see that I don't like very much private ones or. Also I it's like because maybe I mean if it works with my boyfriend probably I'll go to Sweden so it has not very sense to start do that exam and go in a public school if I'm going abroad. so. exactly so we'll wait and see anyway. oh yeah I like very much cinema. And I try to go always to see in original version. Yeah but well right now I think it's starting to be more cinemas that it has original version but it's not very easy to find friends that want to watch that kind of movies . Because no it's easier just go and sit down and understand everything and you don't have to read anything any kind of subtitles so and we are not used to do that because you know everything is translate on in tv and everywhere in cinemas so it's very but. The cinema. Well most of them are in the centre. In the city there is one in Princesa there is there is many but it's all around the centre mostly. I like independent movies I think Europeans are really good and someones from South Africa and sometimes but it's a. yeah. yeah I mean yeah you really have to: read the subtitles because sometimes it's ah like they talk in Chinese or. You know Arabic and it's like you really couldn't have get anything I saw one it was from Canada the Canada one it was really nice anyway I have to read the subtitles because it was too much for me. I don't remember it was like four years ago but I remember it was. Really nice I was because you know sometimes you go and it's like okay lets go to see that one and you decide it in the last minute and finally when you g when you: go out from the cinema you are really surprised it was like. Wow what it was in the end it was really good in fact. Ah okay yeah I like travel basically. Yeah it's like. I've been in France and ah Italy England some other times. I have family there. Yeah but it's nothing to do with my English I mean need to learn English. Yes. Yes but they know quite good Spanish so it's not good for me because I always speak in Spanish also I've been in Switzerland and: Denmark Sweden Portugal I've been also in Canada. I've never been in the States but we were almost going and: I would like to go to Indian next but. I think it's really nice did you like it. . Because sometimes when I talk to that about my with my friends they're like oh but there is many people poor people there. and yeah I know it's gonna be like that but it's the only thing people thought about and I think it's too much many things to see I mean apart of that. I mean you've culture and religion and. You know it's so much different I think I like to. Go to places that it's different from here. The mentality and the way to. That we are. well I didn't know I consider you like a stranger there is so much difference. yeah exactly I that it's too much. 