<h nt"SP" nr"SP049. . . twenty. Spanish. Murcia. Spanish. m mother tongue Spanish. Spanish also. Always. Ten minutes experience a country or a film a: I think I'll describe a film. Okay but it's not a f it's not a film that I've seen recently. Coz I've seen a lot of bad movies recently. So I'm going to talk about a movie that I saw I I think two months ago but is the one that impressed me the so much because it was so good it was it was Artificial Intelligence the one by directed by Steven Spielberg and it is I I liked it because I: I think I am a little childish and that was a childish movie. And it's like a fairy tale and it's about I I have to tell you the story line the story of. the plot well it's it's like er: like like Pinocchio in the future it's a robot child that is made to love a person and so he loves this person a woman who thinks she's his m hi her mother and but then she abandons him and he starts like a search for a blue fai a blue fairy like in Pinocchio to: to: to become a real child and then get back the love from the mother so I'm not going to tell you the end but. I I was so impressed because it's it's it's so fantasy it's like fantasy and adventure and and drama comedy it's it's everything in one and it lasted about two hours but I would have I would I wouldn't have minded it lasting I don't know four hours or. Or so on. I don't know what else to tell you. The actor is this child Haley Joe Osmond do you know him is the one from The Sixth Sense and and well less known actors Francis MacDonals I think is one of them and Jude Law and and we the mo the most important person is Steven Spielberg. Is named in the: in the cover. one part of them. I like them because I I like adventure and fantasy and I like to feel like a child and to go back to those times and yes I like them. Uff a lot a lot of them I've seen Encounters in the: Third Fase. And Hook E T or. And I don't know. Jurassic Park Jurassic Park Two . I think thi this this one this one the last one I saw and and Hook is about Peter Pan. I liked it very much because of the same reasons I like child movies and. I like yeah. Yes I go I I I've been this month three or four times. So far but but I have lik I have seen American Pie and movies horror movie they were horrendous. I don't like. I have a video here in my apartment. And I usually rent yes. I like it very much. Spanish films I'm I think I'm now more open-minded. some years ago I I didn't like at al I I I thought Spanish movie not at all I don't wanna see it but now I I have seen this year some Spanish movies and I hav I I'm changing I'm opening my changing my mind about them yes I've seen and:. And and The Others which is in English but it is Spanish. . yes I've seen it yeah. What. yes definitely there's a lot of. Yeah no there's a lot of creativity now in that's it here in in Europe there are better ideas but we don't have the the facilities and the yes they have the money they have special effects and all that they have good stories also they have best movies of history they are they are American but but Europe Europe they have good good ideas. Yes originality you ha you can see it in Amelie. that's a great movie yes original and I have I have never seen nothing like that. . 