And two years ago I was in Ireland so and I was in Limerick and it was very nice but I mean I think I prefer England I don't know I think I mean in Ireland people are very friendly as well but Limerick is like a small town so because I think I'm I'm born in Madrid like a big city. I prefer to live you know like in a big area big city. Same you know like if you wanted to go to some place you just take the bus or and in Limerick you couldn't do that you if you wanted to wait to take a bus you you have to wait like a long time and. So it's like . Yeah . Oh I mean for example I mean in the morning you just wake up and you had very big breakfast like you know two eggs sausage beans and. Oh it's you know it's very big meal and I think it's the important meal but and after you know it's like you didn't eat till two o'clock because in Spain like you know wait around two o'clock or. You know three but there they didn't eat until six o'clock in the afternoon or seven so. It´s like I don't know you just take your breakfast and you don't eat until late I mean until six o'clock so: you spend most of the da of the day out or. Don't know d you know what you do in during the day is like different you know a different organisation and. Yeah . Yes. Yes after. Is like a supper or something like that. Like around before go to bed like ten or half past ten. no it's like a cup of tea or a cup of coffee with some with sandwich or depends . But it's it's really different and they don't cook as much as Spanish people cook. and you know no big meals like here and. But it's like something quick. Like you know sandwich with I don't know some salad ham and you know something quick they don't spend too much time cooking and no they just something quick and but it's just different . well I like because it's very similar than Madrid so. I really I enjoyed living there it's like I don't know you just have the same advantages that if you're living in in Madrid I mean you know you have underground you have buses you have taxis mean when I was living in Ireland it was like a small town and you know. it was like you know if you wanted to go to the cinema and you don't have a car so you know it's like you have to wait maybe one hour you know. in the bus stop waiting till the bus comes so yes it's and but it was great I mean I just spent the nicest time there and it was lovely I mean very nice I'm missing London I have. Yes oh yes definitely I wanted to go back in the summer time. Yes. Sorry. yes. yes I wanted to go yes but you know I have to find a job. cause live there is expensive yeah it's very expensive. So I would like to work with children and when I was there I was trying to find a job but it was too early. Because you know they kn they will know if there is some vacants in. Vacancies in schools but only when schools finished. so I have to wait until June or something like this to see if there is some vacancies for me to apply but yeah I have to wait but anyway I wanted to go and is a good way to improve my English over there and. Yes. Yes. No because Spain belongs to the Economic European. So you don't need no it's different if you are from Czechoslovakia. or or other country or America maybe you need special. Yeah. but I didn't and it's quite easy to find a job there I mean you know I just when I was working there for a year I just went there and I had an interview and just next you know next day I know that he you know that I pass my interview and next day I started to work. so it was like I mean I n I never had any experience with handicapped people. So in a way I think it's because I I studied to be an: English school teacher. And children are like more or less like handicapped people I mean. So people have you know in a way they are very similar like children. so where I was working it was called activity centre and you know the resident the clients just came there and I you know I just try to help in writing or you know or going with them to a day trip or going shopping try to help them exactly what they wanted to eat for example. because some of them they even couldn't talk. Couldn't speak so like what do you want a sandwich with ham or with jam or you know or do you want a biscuit is it you know try only just pointed thing they really want to eat like you you know then they really need . It was really hard but I really I enjoyed I mean it was very good. a year yes and after I decided to come back to Spain and try to learn more English I mean because there I think I improved you know my speaking but my writing you know it wasn't I think really good. mean I think if I decided just to come and start in this degree and you know so. Improve my English and and later on maybe go back to England or I don't know another country. Yes I would like it yes is but some of them they were like very violent. they were cha challenging behaved so they look normal I mean you're for example writing or drawing a picture. And next minute next minute just you know they took a chair just throw it yeah so it was really you know you had too many courses of you can you know you can defence yourself if somebody attack you. I mean if one of the clients attack you. But so it was very important to work in a you know like in a very I mean you need to be very close with the team. You are working. I mean you know cause it's like oh you know this client now is so you know I need help so the team must be very close. and work together so what yeah it was a . five people and some of them they were qualified so I mean. . Oh like a lot eleven twelve maybe twenty. yeah. Oh. yes. There were like tables and in each table every staff work on with a different kind of client someones they were like very old. So they have special needs and. So depend on the table you was working on you know is like there were different kind of clients. And it was quite interesting also we had a swimming pool and we need to help them how to swim and. Yes . 