Okay. ok. Okay shall I start with this one. Okay so I can see a painter. Painting a painting. Of a lady it's kind of a young lady and it seems to me it's kind of set in a studio cause you can get to see the the windows are not horiz are vertical. And you know he has pencil cases and things all over the place so it's probably I mean he's painting a portrait I should say. So she probably is paying for him to pay to paint her or like I don't know. Like yeah paint me a portrait and then: she goes to see it and she's not very happy of what about what she sees because she probably wanted to look prettier than she really is and he just painted it the way she is so: she's complaining and I guess since she paid for it she: wants it redone and the painter here paints it again and he he's not true to her actual dimens and he paints a sort of beautiful elegant young lady who doesn't look at all like the actual lady and then she goes home I think but the portrait who's al that is already framed and shows it to her friends and look how cute I am. ok. It's all I can think of . Okay. It's not me . Something like that. Yeah probably a bit more angry but something like don't look like that dog. Hold on baby but . Something like that. and the actual lady. first of all the hairdo she has because in the actual lady it's kind of straight and the other one is like I think she's been to the hairdressers and have her hair done then the dress is pretty much the same but it's kind of different yeah the the figure of the lady is pretty much the same the only thing that's different it's the face that's really different and specially the nose cause the real lady had like another big nose. And then on the portrait she has like this Cleopatra beautiful nose . Yeah do you want more. yeah. Oh yeah she's like cross-eyed. The actual lady's cross-eyed and the other one is perfectly okay. And the mouth she's not smiling and then she's smiling in the portrait. And the form of her face. It's kind of triangular in the in the portrait. And she's kind of plump in the actual. Lady. And: I don't know I think you know her girlfriends must have said that is an improvement. . No they're probably just being nice and saying oh it looks nice to you you look beautiful but they're thinking oh my god. Ah maybe maybe they told her to go to that painter because I don't know maybe I don't know I couldn't tell you. Oh my god the things I have to do for money. probably something like that. Cause he probably wants to be like a big painter and has to do this because he doesn't have any money. I don't know. Maybe I don't know. 