. . Yeah. yes I've chosen the first one. An experience sorry. that's right yes well about an experience which taught me an important lesson. Well it wasn't very long ago it was like a month or two and it was when my boyfriend's grandmother died. Okay so she was more or less old and but you wouldn't expect it because although she was old she was okay we didn't think she was ill or anything. And so when we were at home and they phoned us and they said she had died so we went there and the funny thing is that they had their family divided into Spanish people and Italian. Half their family is Italian so they phoned everyone in Italy and everything so they would come and have the funeral and and all that. So then the well when all the family came there are seven the grandmother had seven children but now they are big of course. But she had seven so four of them are in Italy and three here they all got reunited and they had the funeral and all that and the thing is that why didn't mark me in a way is because after the funeral you're supposed to be sad and all that's what we are used to. But the thing is that when we all went to the house when the grandmother had died and after she had been buried and all that they were so happy couldn't imagine they weren't happy because she had died but they were happy of having all of them together again. Since they are in Italy and they don't see each other a lot so they were all really happy remembering things often when they're small when their well their children well grandchildren were all there I was there too though I wasn't from the family and they were all singing and really funny it was something that really marked me. And they made me think well death is normal and we have to accept it and although it is really hard to overcome all those things because it does people can still laugh and be happy so that's it. Yes it is it is weird we never see: those kind of things or hardly ever. Well of course yes they were sad in a way they did cry and all that but. What was really funny was that well one of the sons of this of this person. when he was young when he was twenty or eighteen I don't know he used to compose songs. And play them with his his brothers and sisters and the guitar and they sung and everything. So he found them because he has been in Italy for so long. And then when he came back he went back to his house he found them somewhere in his when where it had been his room he found his songs and oh look look what I've got here. And they all sang and everything. It was really nice definitely. Nineteen years. Since they haven't been all together well I know that the parents of my boyfriend went to Italy to see their brothers and take him back but to be again together the seven of them hadn't been since the death of his fa of their father. yes yes they did say that they said isn't it funny we only get together for deaths. 