Part 1. so okay last year I was selected for being one year abroad in Essex with the Erasmus grant and so I was studying there for a year. Essex in Great Britain. And it was in a very small town which is called Colchester it's really nice and well it was the first time I went abroad for such a long time it was for ten months and I had to live on my own so here we're all used to live with our parents you just come to university and university life just like ends at five o'clock when you go away and there it was like being in university the whole time I I lived in a residence. For students. So I lived with fifteen other peoples and we had to share well many bathrooms and the kitchen and the living room it was like life in common so you were never on your own. And the y we had our own bedrooms I don't know it was really like a shock at the beginning cause you had to leave everything and it is a very different culture I had been in England many times before but never in a university atmosphere. I thought it was really nice to be there although it was difficult at the beginning because it teaches you to live on your own to know where limits are like you're the only responsible for everything you do. So you manage your time and your duties and you know when you can do something and when you can't I met many people and that was there nicest thing because there were almost everyone in my flat were British people except one American girl and a Greek and me the Greek was never at home so I was always with English speakers and well I met the British culture really my age people like people that are the same age and then there was America as well so there were many different points of view in the flat and I was like the outside so I could see everything it was really nice I learned many many things then it is really difficult when you come back home. Because well you have been an adult and you have to go again to be the child of or the sister of but I don't know I really enjoyed it so. I think so not now because it's like I just came here and you have to go away. Again. So but perhaps in the future I'd like to go again abroad it's very different to live in England like I was different summers with families or everything and there you see perhaps the British life. as it is in real life. When you are in an atmosphere where everyone is university people like parties or study library home is not the real England. I think it's like a dream good or bad but it is very different than real life. But I don't know I liked it a lot. Yeah. . yeah. Yes. Yeah. Well I was really studying a lot. So I really travelled at the end of my stay in there. Like in the whole month of June I stayed there and I had already finished all my exams and papers. So it was very nice that month but for the rest yes I saw everything but it was like really being at university. In serious way. But in June yeah I went to well Cambridge I already knew it but I wanted to go again and then I went with two other friends to Scotland. And that was a very very nice trip well we went to Edinburg and the Highlands it was very nice although it was really cold for being June but anyway. It's always cold and it is always raining. And I don't know I saw nightlife very different from Spain for example. people drink much more than in Spain I think. yeah I think so like they go out in univer on campus I mean. They go out like almost every night. This is something unbelievable I mean it's not me but I think that Spanish students don't go out every night. And they drink a lot of beer or anything even in week days which is not I mean I don't think it's . I don't know you have to really make your body make used to it. Because they don't think that anyone can bear all this alcohol I don't know and it's really like when you see people you're told that they are very cold that they are really distant or everything and you may see this when you are on the streets but when you go out at night. It's really like the other side of the same coin like it's really the other side completely it's much more everyone speaks everyone does everything no one is afraid of anything on campus I mean. And I don't know I think this is hypocrite in a way. because you are taking appearances during the day and during the night it's not the same I think in Spain everyone says that there's fiesta and everything I don't think this is true but if we have fiesta we have it in the sense that we are happy or we are speaking all the time ah you don't need to be drinking to be happy or something like that. I saw this on campus. And but. much different than very very different from here. I think it's just different. Because here you're taught many many hours. And you don't have time for personal work there you're taught like seven hours a week which is almost what I do here a day. I have here six hours and a half so there you have spare time and if you want to work you really can work. Here even if you want I mean unless you don't sleep. sometimes you don't have time there you have perhaps one hour or two by day ever every day and then you have spare time so you got to the library and you work on whatever you want because most of the assignments are essays to hand in. So you can really work on what you want and if you really like it you can go further so I liked that aspect. I don't like sometimes the seminars because they emphasise on what they want and it is not so they don't give you the work done and they make an idea an statement and so they go on about this for an hour and then that's it. And then you will have an exam at the end of the year and it will be about the whole play for example and it's just no one aspect it means you have to deep on the whole subject on your own. So if you are taught in like in Spain if you're used to be given every single information and then you are. Yeah it's very very different but I don't know. Sorry yeah you have to think about. Yeah. 