. . Okay I I have to choose one. . well it's a: a woman whose whose husband is a painter. And he tells him he tells her that he wants to to take to to paint her because how he see how he sees her. And he: when he: finally paints her she doesn't like doesn't like the picture at all because well it is how she is she really is but she doesn't want to see that. Because and she obliges him to to paint another picture so as she is much more pretty and so so as she can she can sho show her her friends how good ah how good her husband paints and how pretty he sees her but it is a very sad story because it's it doesn't finish very well because everybody las laughs at laughs at her because they see that it's not that the woman of the picture is not the same of her they say well yo your husband has painted you like that because because he wants you to just to keep quiet and. not to shout at him and bu b and she doesn't ah really believe it. or he trie she tries not to and so everybody talks at her back about her. And they say how how can't she see that that she is so ugly a:nd and that's the the reality the picture is how she is she can put a mirror it's the same. And: on the other hand the husband has a very is very lucky because he keeps the the picture he first draw of her and and he he is sells it and it has got a lot of success so he leaves that woman who is only worried about her appearance and whose whose appearance in fact is not as good as she i s wants it to be a:nd and he goes to live without very with a very nice woman who: who: is very pretty and who with whom he's very happy and: and the other woman finally she finds another another painter who with whom to marry but as she: she doesn't want doesn't she wasn she wasn't happy with the result of the other one. She never asks him to paint a picture for her so that's what happened to them. sorry I see. Got a lot of imagination. The the final painting. The first of all the the the picture hasn't got the nose that that woman has which is a very a nose very strange very big. Very odd . and I think that ah she's even the dress that the pic the one in the picture is wearing is seems to be nicer or or: it suits her better. And: I like a lot the the eyes of the of the woman in the picture. The the size that they have and the shape and I don't like a lot the eyes of the other woman. See the last in the last picture the last well the last picture of the woman is as if she were looking she doesn't now were to look I don't know . And: and it's also the lips of the of the woman in the picture is a she's like smiling but but not a a lot like the Gioconda. I mean . Enigmatic smile . Which I don't think that she may have in the in the third picture this woman she is like bored I think quite. I'm bored I want that just I only want this picture but I'm very bored and and it's the same face that she has in the first picture as I see. and I don't I don't know how how she couldn't have discovered that she wasn't the same woman than the picture . But she's been deceived. 