Er: . Er: . how old. twenty. I'm Spanish. Here in Murcia. Spanish. Spanish. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. about the third topic about a film. . on last Saturday. And. It's about s story about about a man who is who is a writer who wants to be a writer and: travels to: to France to Paris and the: and he he finds he finds other people other bohemians there and and they propose him to: to write for them to write a: a work and then when but he he needs to: to press the boss of the owner of of Moulin Rouge and the and so he has to: he has to: to talk with to talk better to have a kind of conversation with with with the most famous woman there er: which is in th in the film is Nicole Kidman. And the and: and he he he has an interview and the: in the interview the woman thinks that he's he's a: a Duke a Duke who i who is going to: to achieve money in order to: to to prove the and she she thinks that he's he's a Duke and the man who who is in the film is Ewan McGregor thinks that he's she is she's going to: to talk with with him because he she wants to: to listen to: his poetry and then: there are the: the situation is confusing because they th they think different things and erm: sh she thin she thinks that er: he he wants to have sex with with her. And him and he then stars starts to: to sing he's he's very nervous and he starts to sing and: and then when he start to sing she falls in love with him but she: she doesn't she doesn't know that he's he's not a Duke he is he's a: a simple writer and then he says to to her then she don't in th in th both both them fall in love with each other and the and they they and they cheat the the the Duke the actual Duke and they they present er: the work but the Duke is is fall in love with with Nicole Kidman with with the woman and the: as as as the Duke is is fall in love with with her he wou he wants her and . . okay okay. it's it's very spectacular very sps spectacular film and the: before before seeing the the fil the movie I thought that it it was going to be: maybe boring because it's it's a musical musical movie but it's it's very spectacular and: and the songs are are very good songs I think. What. yeah songs of U2 and Queen. And and Madonna. Yeah is the is the is the voice of a singer and he si he sings very very well. I I was very surprised to: to: to that he sings so so well. Yeah specially Nicole. Yeah . he's she is she is er: very pretty. And Ewan McGregor because he is he is very good actor and he sings very very well. Other er:. it I don't know I don't know. I would I think near two hours. More or less. Yeah . Yeah. I like languages very much. German. because I think I think it will be more: more useful than than French or maybe Italian in the future I think German people are: are more important in in Europe. I want I want to: to go in the future but. . I: I'd like to: to work in: maybe in an enterprise I think I I don't like very much classes and pupils. 