. Yeah. I've chosen topic three. Sound interesting well last actually it's the last movie I watched it was American Beauty. I don't know whether you have. You've seen it. Did you like it. I think it was pretty good because of the I know the critic it makes to American and Western society in general . Because I don't think it's only restricted to the American society . I think it's very it's very interesting in that in that way and the characters the settings even the filming apart from the actors and the the script. Which is bonus it's incredible all the flashbacks and the author is in everything I really like it I watched it last I think it was last Sunday I guess and I enjoy it in the original version. Yeah because it was in the it was nearby it was near my house but that . If I can I usually try and watch the movies in the original version in English. It's much better. You didn't like it or y you said so. No. no the feeling. no me neither yeah maybe that's one of the points but. . well yeah. at a certain point he says today you know some people say that today is the beginning of the first day of the rest of your life. Except when you're going to die so. Apart from these from that point onwards you know that. It's those ups and downs which I really . Found funny and moving at the same time. Because all the parts with the gay. neighbours and the: is it colonel or. well the marine father yeah. yeah. . Usually happens. so they hate other people. With Mónica yeah she's been there yes okay. And ah well she's liked it but maybe she didn't same as you she didn't quite like the the ending. It's not that it's just sad it's you see I don't know uneasiness a feeling I don't know quite uncomfortable. It's not nothing like okay I've seen I don't know. The wizard of Oz or something like that and. Get out of the: screen and say oh good. Life is great and again it's not about I think only the American society most of the things that are described in on the screen can apply for I don't know Spanish. well the thing is that I read something because the: I don't know did you go to watch it in the Alphaville cinemas. ah okay. Well th the those cinemas in the: in the Princesa area Plaza de España area. They usually give you a: it's not a leaflet it's just a piece of paper. With loads of information technical and all that. And there was an an extract from an interview. With I don't know if it was the scriptwriter or the director or both. And one of them explained that American Beauty was ah was the name of an American grown rose . You know with genetic changes or whatever. Which in fact has no horns in Spanish I don't know how to call it neither I I think it doesn't smell either so it's a very tasteless rose that's one of the meanings that's an American Beauty. And also did they well like the reflection of beauty for example that image of the plastic bag . Flying all. Like dancing with the camera. which I think it was. Yeah pretty cool as well. yeah actually. yeah. enjoying it. And the the daughter didn't say anything. And she didn't cry or. And they were going to flee th you know the tiny little you know the movie is really good at the end all those you know the way the action is is is depicted with. All everything converging and the neighbour the marine with shooting. Because of the he uncovered himself. but he seem Kevin Spacey's character yeah. He said he cannot you know live on. With that you know on top of him. It's not because of him thinking that he was you know prostituting doing it with his son but I think it's because he he left himself go and . You cannot take that so he says all right this is the end for you although I thought I wasn't quite sure that maybe ah Spacey's character's wife I don't know the actress is . ah anyway that she might should think when she was in the the car crazy I'm not a victim I'm not a victim. Not not that that she might be able to do it not that she it was her. Who actually shot him I was kind of shocked by the by the movie yes that's why I liked it that's one of those things I like last time I saw a Hollywood can I say crap yeah. It was the what was that I know the title in in Spain it's pretty annoying they change they don't even translate titles but they change them so when you're looking for a: movie in the original version you never find it because you need to talk with people and say that actor and another actor yeah that what and you say. Probably changed the title in Spanish have nothing to do with the . With the original one anyway. It was in a movie with Denzel Washington and lots of explosion and very bad terrorists on the one side and very good . Americans with nice feeling well Americans or whoever. And this kind of movie I don't know I don't I usually don't see the point of watching watching them. It's just like you spend two hours in front of the screen yeah and saw what. No sometimes I mean it's not that they're not there can be an explosion and action in the movie if they are good. Ah there was a movie I watched the I think it was in the UK when I watched it and I never figured myself watching going to see Face off. Which is starring John Travolta and. Nicolas Cage. That's it okay fairly enough I mean. The movie it's not I don't know the the piece of art of course. But in it's call it general or something like that it's pretty cool. You know the explosion the action and the shootings are okay some funny things some very bad scenes as well. but that's that's what these ah movies are made. . yeah I mean the the idea. If somebody told that told you told that plot you'd say okay it must be. Very. The budget helped as well. Because it wasn't a a low budget. Although I prefer for example Nicolas Cage in Leaving Las Vegas have you seen that. is the director. That's a very good movie. That's very sad movie again. Leaving Las Vegas. Nicolas Cage he won the the Oscar. By because of playing that that character. He is an alcoholic he was kind of end his his life in Las Vegas. He meets a prostitute and. That's it. . well killed himself. he's yeah. he's it's it's it's hard it's not a a a nice movie you want to: watch in the day like for example today you know sunny and all that. But it's again it's interesting. budget . No okay in general terms I think they happens everywhere you can find very good American movies. You just scratch a little bit. And very bad Spanish movies because there are some in general terms I must say that I prefer it's not that I prefer but I I usually find movies I like more in either English or American movies. although I think Spanish movies are getting better. Because I'm fifteen years ago I don't know we had to take a lot of I wouldn't even think of going to the cinema to watch a: Spanish movie cause all they were doing were movies on the civil war which is fair enough but okay it's over come on change the the role. There are like one thousand movies on the civil war seriously in Spanish civil war. this is probably now you're interested in that part of our history you know . Okay there is a of movies for instance. In some other with ah you know those ah feeling in inverted commas for that. movies trying to go with the fact that they don't have enough budget maybe to do I don't know kind of shooting. not everything doors not even explosion but. But something a bit more attractive visually. most of them fall into I don't know bad category anyway. Sorry. Oh yeah. doubted but yes. All right. 