Yeah when I was seventeen. I was in Hastings it's near Brighton in Britain. and only were for a month but it it was okay yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What . No. It's British people it's sometimes they are friendly and sometimes you don't know why they are not so friendly I I I don't understand them so so much I was living with a family in a house. And I and I had some problems with there because. everyday I had to come back to the house at eleven o'clock at night but one day I: I arrived later only one qua a quarter more or less and I had an argument with the: with the: woman of the house that it it it was not my fault because of the bus and so on and well I didn't know why she was so hungry with me cause and people is is friendly but I think they are they are cold too they are cold and you have to. . maybe I don't know no I don't know people say me that Ireland people is more friendly than British people. yeah Irish. Yeah. I want to go there and see it. No no that's all . yeah . the people is friendly. Here. Okay I don't know . Yeah I like university yeah. Yeah. I studied kindergarten education. And I I finished last: year and now I'm I'm studying for teaching training. English. Ah three three years. Yeah. This is an especiality. For: for being able to: to: to teach in English in a year while. It's only one year. And I like university yeah. I think the life of an of a I don't know . The life of of a person who is study is more: comfortable. Than if you're working. No. No. The next year. Yeah. Yeah in a kindergarten. I don't know every age has a: peculiarity. And I don't know it's it's the same I don't mind five perhaps. Yeah. because if you are if you are going to speak in English it's mor easier with children of five years old. Because of if they are fre three it's like very little very young and. Yeah. I I don't care. I'm a swimmer. yeah . Do you like sport. Yeah I like swi I I like swimming. And I'm always swimming I have I have to train everyday two hours. Well a little . And . no no the maximum I I've I've gone is the: Spanish championship. And. what well not so young for swimming. I'm twenty-two and if you are twenty you are old for swimming. yeah yeah but I'm still there . Yeah because I love it. And this is what I do everyday I have to go to train during two hours and . I I train six days in a week. on Sun on Sundays too and on weekends I have the competitions and it's it's very: for me it's it's very r relaxing. Cause when you are when you are fed up of something you go to train and you it's like I don't want to think in anything. And I like it. I think it's interesting. yeah I love it. oh no not always not always. Yes yes very good people. It's the: the best people in Spain we: we go there together and it's like you don't know who's going to win it's like. A little of luck a little of strength. it's everything what you have eaten. Or what you have sleep or whatever it's everything influ ah everything I don't know how to say in English. Yeah you have to control it. Cause if you if you do something wrong it's like you are not going to win. Yeah. Yeah I'm in summer I'm. I'm teaching I always in in every summer. Yeah and I like I like to teach to swim cause it's for me it's very easy to se to teach them because I I start to swim when I was three years old. So I. I know everything about swimming and what I have to do with them and what I haven't or what I shouldn't or what they think or their affairs everything and it's easier. yeah. . 