. Well I don't know because . . I don't know I like instead of films I like books. I like reading books yes I like reading more than . Than watching films and as you can see ah the last ah films I have watched were based on on novels so. I prefer reading and I don't know I like reading ah many things I like reading poetry Spanish poetry ah not much ah foreign poetry because. Maybe because as I am here in the at the university always reading all this. When I am at home I don't feel like reading again the same thing. And the what I also very much like reading is ah philosophy or essays things that ah make me make me think about those topics maybe about topics on politics or about I don't know about many things one writer that I ah that I especially like is Fernando Sabater I don't know if you know him and well I have read many many books of from him and ah I also like well but this is something that I have started liking this well this year and last year things related to linguistics also. I I find it quite interesting to know about ah I don't know the acquisition of language of children and all those things I find it quite interesting and ah well as for novels are concerned I don't like reading novels very much. Ah maybe ah likewise as ah as I am always reading novels here I want to disconnect or something like that. From my daily tasks and I want to read something different and also because ah in in a novel well is my personal opinion but ah you have to spend too much time to find something that maybe interesting ah according to reflection and all that. Because ah well maybe it's ah because of the novels that I have read that they have not been the most suitable for me but ah many novels that I have read are only about ah romance and the that ah a mother wants her children to marry with other man and all that is quite boring for me and ah but on the other hand there are some other novels which really are really worthy or like Frankenstein or Moby Dick despite its length. it's quite thick novel. But ah it' quite interesting and and it's that in novels I find it difficult or I find I find it not interesting to ah to take the the the more reflected part of the things that I that I like in reading during so much time. and spending so much time in reading a novel so that's why I prefer genres which which are shorter like poetry or essays or something that I can read maybe in a in one or two days and take something interesting for me than and think about it later and all that. . Because of ah his way of writing he has a I don't know a particular style which ah makes you feel that like it's like in a in a voyage or something like that it's very very fluid I don't know if that's the that is the word but it's very easy to read and then I find that ah it's quite ah I don't know how to say ah thick or someth meaning that has many meaning in maybe in short ah in in just a few lines. You can find ah things very very interesting and that make you think about them and ah and also because most of ah most of the themes that he that he deals with ah seems or are are very very interesting for me because he speaks about everything about he speaks about literature he speaks about politics about actual issues well current issues that are that are happening now about universal topics or things like love or friendship or whatever. And I don't know you I always find something interesting when reading Fernando Sabater and maybe ah also because of his ah reasoning style he he always ah reasons ah or yes he always ah argues his ah his ah arguments in a very good way like making clear very very well what he wants to highlight and I don't know and and well he almost always ah writes essays which is the the genre I most like and he have he has written also some plays and some poems but just a few but what he what he likes most is essays and that is the genre I most like and well and also I agree with with most of his opinions concerning I don't know maybe nationalism or I don't know many things he us he usually he is usually ah like against the the the mainstream no the against the against the opinions that are: taken without much ah reflection and he always goes against that reasoning maybe ah the opposite positions against those those arguments that people ah may have as a I don't know as usual topics that ah all the people I don't know all the people ah think the same about the same topic and he goes against all them and and tries to ah argue in a different way with different arguments and all that. well he's my favourite writer and ah. yes but no well I have I have only read just a few poems that he: published in his first book in his first book about and the poems were were about Moby Dick well and: but I have not read many poems of him I don't know why he hasn't write more poems because. They were quite great and and and maybe because of ah because of his influence I I like ah many things that I have read in his books like for example ah some some books of literature for example Moby Dick. He he has argued many times about this about this novel and while while I was reading those ah essays thos those reviews of the novel I started to think that it was a an interesting novel and then this year I had to read the novel and although it was very very long and I hate the the novels which are so long but I had that ah I don't know that influence that prejudice or whatever and and I felt more comfortable while reading it. because I have read some things about it and I tried to find ah another philosophical meaning of all that and finally it was it was interesting. Yes. 