. . Yeah I have. I think topic two. About my country I visited. And I I've visited not many countries and but the most the one I like the most was Ireland I went two years ago in summer for a month and I liked it very much very green very rainy ah. Yeah but the people were so nice so polite and I think that's what I like the most the people. It was I was with a family with two two three kids and a girl of my age who came to my house the next month and it was wonderful cause I stayed with their all the time and watch TV and went for walks and anything. A month. What excuse me. No no no just to visit. I met this girl well I didn't meet her it was my penfriend. And at high school I was given her address and then she was studying Spanish and we said okay why can't you come here to study to learn some English and then I go there to learn Spanish to speak Spanish and I said okay and then I went to her house and she came to mine and I think we both learnt quite a lot specially fluency and many expressions and lots of things that maybe you cannot learn here because of the type of classes and everything. No no with the but then you forget about them you come here then you don't know to to know and listen to them to people saying them so you forget. But at least you have something more. Oh I can't remember but. I don't know because I forgot them. But I don't know some vocabulary and very specif specific things but northern Irish people said like for instance they most of them did not say yes they said ai or I don't know that's one of the things I can remember but many more things and what I liked the least was the food. Yeah because I: usually have lunch at two let's say and there I used to have something like lunch at twelve maybe and then at four I had tea and scones and then at seven or six or eight depends on the day I had a supper or something and then at twelve something else to so it was a very different thing like a mess. It's not that they eat a lot but they eat many many times but few things. And I used to eat as much as possible because I didn't know when. was going to get some more food but no it's okay. Did I. I think so. because most of the things I ate it was chips and chicken and pizza not very healthy I was just wishing to come back to eat some food and vegetables and because I think it must be because fruit is very expensive there because of the weather. That the family did not have many fruit but I don't know. on Sundays we had something called screw or screw or something like that I can't remember and it was with cauliflower and chicken and ham and peas and anything s it was it was at least better than pizza chicken and cheese and. Yeah. For four Sundays cause it was a month I had the same but I didn't mind because it was very nice. I don't think it was religious but just because the whole family talked together and sitting on the same table. When usually we everyone had lunch at any time when they want. And now on Sunday at about twelve or one o'clock. It was I think yeah we we in the same table we all had lunch together that thing or whatever. Ah in fact well she didn't eat much. And my mum was crazy with her because she didn't want to eat anything because I think she was trying to get thinner and thinner. So didn't eat much and she just ate ah fruit and lettuce and very few things so I don't think the problem was Spanish food but that there she didn't eat much eitherself. I think so I think so and about the weather here well I think it was really hot it was a very hot summer so. It was quite difficult for her I think because when I was there the day that was hotter it was ah fifteen degrees or something which is not too much but I was with my T-shirt I said oh that's that's my day . So with her family well in fact I get on well with her family and with her not so well I mean we didn't have an argument nothing but the family was more open to somebody new coming and in different culture and in different . Yeah. no we had been written each other for about two or three years I think which is quite a long a long time but it's not the same as knowing a person. So we were willing to meet each other but at the same time it was difficult because it was different than writing a letter so. But anyway I think it was surely great because I learnt quite a lot I and and I met a lot of people interesting people and they speak spoke differently so that helped me to know get fluency and to learn. Because my teacher at high school she told me ah of an agency which gave address of people in case you to wanted to have a penfriend and I said okay and I was I was interesting in that in writing people who wrote me in English or I write in in in English so as to improve and yeah it was a nice experience . we were quite open specially my younger brother who was with her all the time because he was he's very friendly and she was quite shy so he tried to make her speak and to I don't know to get her into the conversation. And okay I tried too but whenever I saw that she didn't want to speak I said okay let's leave her apart if she doesn't want to participate. And with me happened the same it was her brother his younger brother who was most open with me watching TV or playing games or playing with the computer or so I think it's younger brothers who . who have the greatest part of the job . I don't know why I met many relatives of hers because when I was there two weeks her one of her cousins came to s to sleep on the same house and then their grandmother lived two houses there ah and all of them were really nice really nice. And then we visited many places we went to Dublin to I don't know to to. and yeah I suppose it's what everyone does to take the stranger to the most common places to. Folk parks and things like that. And I don't think I will ever go to in an exchange like this because I think I will now on prefer to go alone . That sometimes I felt like I would prefer to have my own house of course it was two years ago and I was younger but now I think I would be able to live alone and to have a good time. a better time being yes I think so so that I could go out whenever I wanted and go back and go back home at two o'clock or I don't know. Yeah on Tuesdays we went out to discos something but. It was the fact the parents who have to come to take us home so. I mean it has to be difficult for them to to stay awake until two so as to. go and pick us. no the problem was that there was no bus to go back home so it they had to pick us. It was it was the only way. so I think if I lived alone maybe I could try. To live somewhere where there was a bus. so that I could come back home at whenever I wanted. I don't know. The. No. No because I don't know she didn't want to write me again. yes after years of writing then we meet and then we never write us again. Yeah. . 