Yeah. I can try let me see okay well I think I can see here a: a painter. And a woman that is posing to be painted she's sitting on a chair and of course she's not seeing the where she is painted so she can't see she's being painted the way she is or not. And the next scene we can see the woman is really angry because she doesn't like that she looks like so she is pointing at at the picture and shouting at the painter saying that she's not she's not the one that has been drawn there so the next one we can see that the painter is like correcting correcting the picture he has the first done but oh no now I understand okay I I make my correction first. He's drawn her the way she is. With her face and she's not very pretty we can see. So then she's been crossed because she says I'm not like that I'm pretty or something so then he he's laughing I think because he knows that he's drawn a lovely girl a pretty girl which of course is not like the real one but with which she would be happy so then she's pleased of course because she's lovely. And although in reality she isn't she shows to her friends look that's me on my portrait. So that's it. Oh yes you can see weird faces like well surprise faces of course we can see the difference and the one in the picture is quite nice so but she's showing it really: proud as if showing her reflection and say look. I'm this way. Above all the nose the nose is horrible her real nose and the other's really thin well her hair is always and the other one is very very nice and then she has a thin face. In the next also very thin. Compared to the other one. So she could say we could say she's like an actress or something . well he must be surprised because of if someone asks for a portrait you have to have what you have you can't change something to please although I know lot of pe painters do that or used to do that when they when they had well when they wanted their portraits they had to disguise their defects. So well he must be thinking of she's sort of silly because she's complaining at something but she's not supposed to because that's the way she is. I don't know what he's having lots of fun doing it . We can see him laughing here well that's I suppose yes he's doing the right thing because she's the one who is paying and we will have to please the customer. So that's it would be their to help her have to accept herself the way she is. Not to be pleased with a portrait that's not the representing herself. no I don't think so I didn't get it at first but now I understand this the thing that is quite are the same the arms the way she has them and. the shape more or less. Well if they have the same problem as she does yes . They may want to see their themselves nicer . But if you want the real portrait that you can show your your children your grandchildren that will remind you the way you were and that let them know how what you look like. You can have you can trust this painter. So. 