. . u. . A. . . Twenty one. French. French in France. Arabic. . Arabic. French. French and Arabic because they understand. . It's the same because for example when my mother ask me something in Arabic I answer in French or it depend on the situation when she is very. Yeah when she's sad or it's when she's sad its his her native language which . Topic two . Spain. Because it the first it . Er: Spain I: it's the first best . No. Ye yeah it's the fir. It's the first time that I'm go in a foreign country. So it's it's a very beautiful country because people is very open open-minding and we can talk with all people in the street ask for example nothing where you can eat where you are the street or. And it's very good and we have because Spain have as: the same the South of Spain have the same: culture. Er: Arabic culture and er: Andalu Anda. . is erm: is very beautiful yeah and er: I think it's very: it's very important when you: when you study language you: you have to go in different country to: to to see. language language I speak Englis English and Spanish and also er:. In France it's something that don't doesn't ex exist in Spain. It's language in: on . English Spanish and also informat comput. Computers economic marketing. it's not the same that other stu. Yeah. Five years. Three. in Alicant. In Alicante. Which is is a very beautiful city but with my friend we will go to Granad. Granada which have when we spea when you: you are with other people say that it's not the beautiful ci cities but she ha she has a mystery. About Spain people. People people people I like Spa Spanish with people because that: for example erm: tha that always learn you words and they are very open open for example it's not the same case in France where students Erasmus students go in in my study. The they keep in in a side of the university and alone and with their dictionary and they don't speak with French because French are very . Yeah. Conservative. It's very difficult to speak with French people to my mind. So: that's and for example when I: first when I arrived in Spain I'm: I always speak with all people in the bus which in the bus they gave me the phone number something that can't exist in France. And when I: meet my flat in Spain the erm: the girls are very open. Alone. . No no with two Spanish. . They go to Espinardo. And the problem that you don't have the same timing tha because in Spain you have on only class on the morning or on the afternoon and I'm class to the morning a: erm: . also also in the af in the afternoon. So it's very difficult because when you go to scho when you go to classes students have on only school the morning or the afternoon and me no. Is it is different it's not because erm: we have school to the eight of the morning to: from the eight to the: six. Yeah. Yeah . . . Yeah we: we have Spanish friends and we go to to the mountain to the mountain to visit to visit it and always when you meet Spanish they say that we: they give the make an appointment to: to visit to visit Spain and it's very good. GRANADE Granada Granada. First Granada and then because after maybe it's a dream Barcelona Madrid because the capital but first Granada because they say it's a very beautiful city. Em: because of history. Yeah history and: when you: when you ar when you speak with people they say that it is very beautiful so I'm I'm to visit . my friends and another friends just just . Yeah. Five years. yeah . I'd like to work in in a company in an international company. And I know if in France or a foreign country because I would like to have always relationship between all the country to speak my languag languages. And all of a to do business. To do business and it's very but the matter is that when you do business you have to travel a lot and to: to have a private f life it's very difficult to: to have child and. That's the matter but you can do a lot of . A lot of money . Yeah. You're wellcome. 