okay. Okay. Okay. ah okay. yes there's a man that he's painting a woman and the woman is sitting in front of him and: the woman stand up and look herself in the: in the picture and she said oh this is very good but you have to: do it my nose better. and then the woman sit down again and the: the man was was doing better and then the woman was very proud. of the picture and he: and she: tell to her friends to come and see the the picture of herself. I think that the friends are jealous. Yes look at the: faces. It's like the noses a I think they are jealous . Because of the faces they are very serious. And with the eyes very as close and and the woman say oh look I'm pretty I'm wonderful in this picture. No . No in the picture is really really better than the woman herself. Because look at the nose is bigger in the reality. Than in the picture and the: the eyebrows. As well and the face because in the picture she think she seems thinner. no thinner yes. Yes thinner and in the reality they are a little bit fat not very but round more round I think and the hair the hair f because he has straight hair and the picture has like at the end of the: hair a little curly. yes yes. It's better the picture . Yes . No o sea the best the f the: the best I think is the same the dress but in the: in the picture it hasn't got some spots spots or. They're like not dirty but in the reality the dress is a little bit with spots or something and in the picture the dress is white. yes the painter yes I think cause he smile. But I think maybe she ha ah look I didn't realise that she in this picture she's very angry because she shows herself like oh I'm ugly you have to do it better and look now she's very: happy because the woman in the picture is very very nice as she thinks that she's nice but she isn't. Ah I didn't realise that look the painter has to rub out. And paint again. no. No I think that he's smiling of her he's laugh at her because if she wants this picture instead of the other and the woman is going to pay h him for him it doesn't matter no. no . the pa. Yeah. . yes the painter. Ah okay he's dar he has dark hair. And she has a: bird a:. beard. Yeah and: she has sorry he has curly hair. And: he has a: s a: sk a shirt and: then a: something to put when you don't want to:. to get dirty yes I don't know the name in Spanish. I don't know the name and: I think she's medium size is not very big and not very small and she has he has a little bit tummy. Maybe is the: I don't know and she he seems to be very happy. okay you're welcome. 