. no I N. . Twenty. Spanish. Murcia. Spanish. Spanish. . Topic two. well the country I have visited is Welsh Wales. . I I have in: ou I went er: to: to Cardiff two summers ago. And I stayed there with a family a whole month I went there because I was given a grant from the minister I I stayed with this family living with with he with them . Yes I: I went to a college. With some other Spanish students. we were forty five I think. Forty five Spanish students. Erm: in the morning we went to a college and in the afternoons we have free time and we went to: to shopping we went in the af in the evening we went to discos and and with thi with this family I: I practised English. And with Spanish students . Spanish . I think it's strange. Yes erm:. A at the very beginning I didn't understand the family very well. But as time goes: goes I: I was be able to understand them. Yes they were very nice with me and the mother didn't let me doing anything in in the: in the house the only thing I: I did every the morning was my bed. My bed and when: when I: finished breakfast for example I take my: my cup tak took my cup and I wanted to to wash to wash but:. But the she didn't let me doing. and th the family had four children. Yeah three boys and one girl. And:. Young they just four eight er: eleven and: six sixteen. . And they were very nice with me:. And: we were all day playing watching tv: and. Yes nice family very nice family. eh: yes yes yes because I am: used to to eating Spanish food and when you go to: to another country and you taste another different food you say . Spanish food is better. But you have to: to accustom. To th that food . Er: it was okay. But as the time tables are so different when when it it was six in: in the afternoon yo I was hungry hungry and I ha I had to: to buy something in: in McDonalds for example . Er: I like it very much yes. the landscapes the: the castle. I liked it very much erm: and:. . Cardiff. Just Cardiff. . Yes I wo I would go go back but I don't know when . I have to go yes it was a good experience. I would like to: to be: an English teacher. And: . Because: I'd like to: to learn other other students or to teach the other student English language because I think it's very important. Nowadays. in my age. Yes. Or in: secondary school. Not in the school secondary school. . No . Yes . 