okay. it's happening. Okay on the first picture I think you see there is a: woman that goes there to make so no there's a man drawing making a picture of her she's just standing there and the man is just looking at her and painting and drawing her face on the second picture it's this woman that's looking at the picture that is already finished and it's I don't know what sh maybe she's saying that she doesn't like it or I don't know her face looks like that. that she doesn't like it like they we they're arguing or something like that on the third picture it seems like he's making the picture again he's redoing the picture and like he's not drawing her her f her hair is different and I don't think he's really drawing her he's just drawing another he's just drawing another woman just to make her happy and on the last picture she's showing the picture to all her friends and I think the friends are just staring at the picture like that's not you because it doesn't it's completely different the the woman that appears in the on the picture is much prettier than than her. the hair the eyelashes the lips the nose everything is different. Even the dress is different. The what the dress or the. everything she she's much the the one in the picture is much nicer and prettier. Yes and. yes the the the eyelashes are like more straight the eyes are like more s smaller the nose is like more thin the lips also yes it's mu much prettier than her and the hair the hair it looks like she's come out from hairdresser yes . It's not really her. Well when on the second picture when they're she's arguing about what he drawed I don't think he's happy you know not at all and then on the third picture he I think he's just thinking okay if you're not happy with the one I draw that that's you that's yourself the one I draw before let me draw another woman. Yes . no I don't think so I don't think so because if not she wouldn't been arguing about the picture because the the on the second picture you can see that that's her the one that on the picture it's really her so I don't think she's go a lot of self con self-confidence no she I think she wants to be she's not happy with herself and she wants to be prettier than what she is. yes. I think so . well maybe they're not saying anything. Just not to get her upset but I think of course they'll it's obvious that the one on the picture is not her so probably the three of them are just thinking if you're happy with that picture that's fine but that's not you. Yes I say you but they probably are thinking about her self-confidence too. Yes yes. 