. . . . Twenty two. I'm Spanish. In Cartagena. Spanish. Spanish also and also my mother's. Yes. Okay. Yes aloud or not silence. Okay. Okay. I think I'm going to speak about all because I have an experience another country and had a lot of problem when I went abroad. Two years ago I went to Scotland to pick strawberries. Yes but I had I haven't I haven't the idea about the I went there in a crazy way and when I arrived there I realised that the work is what it was disgusting and. By internet. . Yes in a farm and they they said you that they are they were going to pay you a lot of money. But that was wrong. Only people from Polonia or East Eas oh East Europe. Get profit but the Spanish or European. Didn't perceive a lot of money and . I wa I was going to you know first of all I was going to work to go there to work a month and I was to work I thought it was a nine hours but for getting some money the necessary money to st to stay there and to can live properly. I should work twelve or thirteen hours and I said that was horrible and I had gone there to speak English. And to have a trip around Scotland the Highlands. I couldn't but I couldn't that that. I that it was everyday working and working and at night there in the in a farm on the seashore. the seashore very cold it it wa was Jan Ju July and is was very cold in we had I think it was ten degrees or like that and was horrible I ca I can't stand that n July. Yes not I'm going to . I arrived there. And I saw the work condition and the the place where I was to going to stay and I decide to come ba the Spain . I spend two days in a bedda a bed and breakfast there in Edinburgh. And return to London and come back Madrid . In five days. Yes I sleep in two days in an airport. it was disgusting I I had bad very bad rememberings about that no I like the country because. Scotland is beautiful. Yes I like wow Edinburgh two days in Edinburgh I was looking the city the streets up and down. It was nice I'm also be in Saint Andrews do you know. The place where. Scotland you know. Okay is tiny is a lovely village have you seen it. Is nice it's quite nice . yes I thought they were going to be more ugly people but they were. Yes that I I had heard that they were nord people and they are very cold but no they were . Instead for one man a bus driver I can't understand him because he spoke with a strong ar arc. Accent yes and I I was looking at him in a strange way. And he was speaking so fast and with her his accent it was horrible but. All the people I know the the priest of the scot Edinburgh airport . I was speaking to him all the night . I thought they were Protestant and they were Catholics. Is gre and when I go from here to the they were was curious for me I don't know. yes next year I. Yes I'm I will go, next year I think I'm going to be with Erasmus. Yes. . I haven't got idea I must work this summer to get some money and afterwards I will go I want to go to Newcastle but I don't I don't know sure maybe Dublin you're from Wales no. Yes. It's wonderful . I ha I love buildings and there in in London there are wonderful buildings I was astonished I was looking at every building I'll I want to I wanted to do archi architecture. And I left it. And I love buildings and in London there is a variety. It's wonderful. Wonderful streets plenty of beautiful buildings. 