Ah . Yeah I have. I'm gonna talk about ah the film. Okay it has to be from two to five minutes right. okay. Okay so I'd like to talk about American Beauty. Have you seen that. And I think it's just fantastic fantastic film because it deals with American society in a way that I think it's really new. For American film making because usually we get the big Hollywood films where everything is great and everyone is happy and here we confront to the family who has really real problems a real difficult problem and I think it's just beautiful I really liked it a lot. And I really like Kevin Spacey I'm so glad he won the Oscar a couple of days ago. And I I don't know the other actors I really like the young ones I think they're great. And you have the contrast between the usual American girl you know the character played by . Who is perfect and makes everything but then if you really look into her you can't find anything at all because it's all a facade. And then you have the other two which are freaks according to society but then there we have a lot at it a lot to offer. meaning yeah what was her name Jamie I think. Jamie and Rickie I think. Oh really I mean they're really weird people you if you think of it. But I think they're more developed as characters than the other girl. I was really shocked by it especially the end. Because but there is quite big end I think I'm I'm referring to the the homosexual neighbour. Who is always saying horrible things about homosexuals and then turns out to be homosexual himself. And I think it's quite common in the army I think. or so I've heard. But then and it's really cause actually I I I really loved it but it was really depressing in a way. Because where are we going to. You know what are we doing with our lives. It's like are we all going to end up by him because when he finally was happy he got killed but then. I don't know has to be hope somewhere . What else the music was nice. Especially the the songs. That was from the sixties or the seventies. That was really nice and: I don't know it's just the setting and everything. okay let me think no really I can't think of anything I didn't like but I didn't like the the I didn't like the actor played remember the real state king the one that has an affair with Annette Benning. there's something weird about that guy. Maybe the white dying in his hair . Yeah. But apart from that I really liked it all but some people don't like it. I think that with this film you we get people who absolutely love it and people who hate it. And that was I was really shocked because it won the academy award because I wouldn't believe I couldn't believe it. No. No. ah ah. I guess that the films that the American films that we get here. Are you know like the big blockbusters and maybe we don't get. Films that you have in New York. Mean I've seen other films like Mallrats and all the ones by Kevin Smith. But you know the ones that we're used to is really different take Titanic and I loved Titanic but it's so different. And I was the a that was what shocked me and I really really liked it. But ah what do you do in New York. . . Yeah. And what are you studying. that's tough . . I don't know I have no idea people ask me this all the time and I go okay I don't know no next year I'm going to go you know there are Erasmus scholarships that you can get. And I'm going to go to Scotland. For one year so I'm really I'm really you know I want to do it but the thing is I do know that I'm not in the language section I'm more for literature. Freak. Yeah because if you were interested in languages and things you can do you know corpuses like these and investigation but not really in to that I mean I want to do it just to help but not to studying. Yeah I've been ah I was in Ireland for five summers when I was like thirteen then I go to London quite often and then actually I was in New York in in Christmas holidays and just loved it it is is so great. I know yeah I know it. The thing is I can I kno I can never decide which accent to pick. Yeah it's horrible because like I watch Friends a lot okay so by the end I'm watching Friends I'm like talking kind of an American way but then I go and sort of no you're British . So: I don't know it's the thing is yeah and then I go away like when I go to Ireland and things and I get I pick that accent and I come back and like okay. yeah but then I'm really messed up when I start talking in one and then I . But okay. I don't know so have you come here on with a scholarship or. which college do you go to. Yeah, cause last year I was I went to a party with people. Who came from Skidmore College yeah. no cause a girl gave me the e-mail and things but then we never got in touch again. ah Aby Aby something she's like tiny well not tiny . This was a this was a year ago and sort of blonde hair I think it's blonde dyed. and and glasses but yeah she came from Skidmore College and then there was another one I don't know think we went we took her to a party didn't you have a party welcome. In because you hav you have classes at this institution in Madrid. I think in the centre of Madrid. Yeah Recoletos didn't you have a party there. . Yeah. no no I didn't sign up for it this year do you. . Yeah. Yeah. And do you live with a family or. Are you okay with it or. Yeah that's great. That's great. ah no about you want to ask me anything. I don't know. Yeah okay is it really hot in the summer in New York. Yeah I'm asking you. . Because I went once I don't I can't even remember but I was very little I remember the only thing I remember is my mum dragging me into shops because it was so hot outside. And then we went this in Christmas and so cold where I was . And we didn't we didn't go anywhere snowing and freezing and we got a nice spell that all guys said this is nice . Yeah and have you ever lived in Manhattan or do you. Oh that's so nice where do you live. . That's really nice. Yeah I think I went because we had this tour with it's like a tour guide to in there and it took us around New York and it's I really oh I want to go there. But it was like my Friend's tour my mum was there is no Central Perk is there honey. Central Perk you know when there are in Friends do you watch Friends. You know the bar where they go. My mum was saying like we're not gonna look for that honey and I was like no no no . It's a I do think it's a beautiful city. I really liked it. Yeah. I was just walking down the street and saying wow this is so great. And people were like just walking by not noticing. But I think that happens in any city. cause when we go to Rome we like oh and the Romans just go past and. Yeah totally. yeah I was I went with a friend who made here a course in in October and it was at night in the Gran Via and there's a beautiful building just when Alcalá and GranVía. she said just look at that isn't that beautiful and I said I had never seen it because you know you go to places and you. You're not sightseeing and you miss loads of things. And . I had a friend a French guy who came a friend last week and we went to Plaza Mayor and he said god this is so beautiful and I said just the Plaza Mayor . Okay do you have enough. 