. C A R R I . . nearly twenty one well twenty. Spanish. Alcantarilla . Spanish. Spanish. Yea. I think topic one. Topic one. Yeah th the experiences th the one I had my ex-boyfriend. I was going out with th the guy and when we were together like one year I said and he told me he was bisexual. And well I really was shocked but I said well we are in the twentieth century. I I want to be modern. So he's bisexual but now he's with me loves me and I went out with him to realise that er: I just couldn't get on it is was unbearable. He he was like you know it's very difficult because he was looking at the same time to girls and boys and you say wow yeah in Spain we say he liked fish more than meat . And now fro well fro from that experience I've learnt that the thing you have to do is follow your own your own heart and don't don't reali realise no don't relay on your expect expectances of bow how you are or how you are not so you have to: to: well I'm forgetting all my vocabulary. Well to: to: no to: not accept things as I as they are and try to change them I think. Yeah because maybe well maybe it I don't know but maybe because he hadn't realise before. Or maybe because he was a pain in the neck . Yeah. Well. The thing is that they hurt people he hurt me so well now I realised I didn't loved him like I love me boyfriend. That it's quite quite difficult because first they have to accept themselves the situation and then they don't have to try to to hide it. Because they hurt other people. No: the thing is that however hard they try to to hide it people always realise is your mother knows you'r you're gay. even even if you don't tell her she's it you know it's something noticeable. Yeah it's difficult but first they have to learn to to to to be responsible for what they are. You can be gay but you're still a person i if you feel ashamed of yourself then people won't accept you. Well it's I I began to learn English when I was four or five at school well oh my mama told me well piano or English and I said oh no piano no thanks. English and as well I liked it it I feel capable of speaking in a language that my parents didn't know and so it was something exciting just because of of many people didn't know it and. No not really. Yeah Erasmus students here. Well well I don't have a very good opinion of the English but. Yeah too cold and too you know how do you say in English . Yeah. suppose well I like Irish people I met yeah because English people. Above all people from London they are really nasty. Irritating . yeah yeah yeah. Yeah . Well I want to do: to go to England to do you know the CAP c-a-p. A preparatory course for for being a teacher. In England here you do the CAP and they don't pay you and in England they do. Yeah. Yeah. And I miss my boyfriend he's at Leeds he's studying at Leeds. Yeah. Yeah . 