. . well I think it they are quite strange. they are not very simple I cannot find logic in they. In them sorry but I'm gonna try right. So I suppose in the first one we can see somebody who is painting a picture of a woman. And I think that he is ah painting her in the way she is. But then when the woman sees herself in the picture she thinks that she is not like that although in fact she is is like a mirror she is not like that and she doesn't like seeing her reflects on the picture that's why I suppose she tells the painter to change the hair style for example just to make her look beaut more beautiful and he does so and when he finishes the picture she she shows off a little bit a bit and: she shows it to to her friends to say well this man has painted me this picture and that day I had an incredible hair style. And well this kind of things everything was a lie so I think that this is what in a certain way happens to everyone that we think we are in one way and when we have a look at the mirror when everybody or somebody else says something about us we think that we are not like that. And in fact yeah we are. It's like the mirror I cannot be like that or in photographs no I'm not good in this photograph this is horrible I'm horrible here and but you are like that. it's a question on your mind yeah well. And I think that is all I don't like these pictures at all . I think they are horrible and there's no logic in them. She is lying she's saying something like that's not me. So you have invented that face ah I don't have that face and I don't have that here and I'm not with that expression because she's like I suppose she's trying to explain that she does not have such a horrible face. Well I don't know but I suppose I: I think that I could never ever in the life let anybody paint me. Well because now I'm like I am but if I see one painting of me or perhaps it's perfect. And that is me but I'm sure that I'm going to say that I don't like it I don't have that expression I don't like I don't have that here or I don't well my face expression is not reflected in the picture all this kind of things and perhaps it's perfect. But I don't like copies of myself. Because sometimes well you've got this expression if you don't like it I can change it and nobody is gonna notice. But in a picture you cannot change anything you understand so that's gonna be there forever. And everybody is going to see the way in which you were painted and I don't like it at all. Well. I think the hair style. The dress also and I don't understand why he has changed the dress because I think she has he has painted sorry a completely different person. And: the dress is well the shape of the dress is similar but the colour of the s of the dress has changed. And well the eyes and the nose and the mouth. It's another somebody completely different. So I think in that we can we can say two different things one that the painter is a bad painter or that the that the musa I don't know if do you say musa. That when you painted somebody that someone who is posing. Is called musa. Yeah. Okay but I don't like. I don't know sorry anyway I think that she has painted somebody else. Or perhaps this is not the musa th there is something behind. Who is being painted or something like that. I don't like this picture. . 