Part 1. so okay last year I was selected for being one year abroad in Essex with the Erasmus grant and so I was studying there for a year. Essex in Great Britain. And it was in a very small town which is called Colchester it's really nice and well it was the first time I went abroad for such a long time it was for ten months and I had to live on my own so here we're all used to live with our parents you just come to university and university life just like ends at five o'clock when you go away and there it was like being in university the whole time I I lived in a residence. For students. So I lived with fifteen other peoples and we had to share well many bathrooms and the kitchen and the living room it was like life in common so you were never on your own. And the y we had our own bedrooms I don't know it was really like a shock at the beginning cause you had to leave everything and it is a very different culture I had been in England many times before but never in a university atmosphere. I thought it was really nice to be there although it was difficult at the beginning because it teaches you to live on your own to know where limits are like you're the only responsible for everything you do. So you manage your time and your duties and you know when you can do something and when you can't I met many people and that was there nicest thing because there were almost everyone in my flat were British people except one American girl and a Greek and me the Greek was never at home so I was always with English speakers and well I met the British culture really my age people like people that are the same age and then there was America as well so there were many different points of view in the flat and I was like the outside so I could see everything it was really nice I learned many many things then it is really difficult when you come back home. Because well you have been an adult and you have to go again to be the child of or the sister of but I don't know I really enjoyed it so. I think so not now because it's like I just came here and you have to go away. 