You want me to talk about my: I'll talk about: my experience in England. I I've been there you know this program with prof with professor Monroy in Manchester. It's th it's a: three months course. In Manchester in University of Salford. And it's it's a kind of: yo of a course to improve your English. It's not it's not to: it's not an advanced course is to refresh your:. Yeah your knowledge. And: well I was living in a residence which which was quite far from from the uni. And the: it was placed in in a quite in a quite dangerous zone. Yeah it's it's supposed to be one of the: most dangerous places in: in Britain yeah it is. maybe because it's quite cheap I don't know. Well but anyway it it was supposed to be: cheaper than it was at least . Cause you know you it's the problem we have in Spain when we go abroad . Yeah. Yeah our our money is is less powerful than it was in France in Italy well not not in Italy but Britain and Ger and Germany and. so on and I enjoyed it very much anyway cause I met lots of people there have many friends I remember now a Korean guy. Lived in my house. It was really funny. And you know it's like meeting another culture you learn you l I I leanrt a lot about. Yeah. That that's the mor the most important thing for me I think. You know you you are used to live here and you always you are always with the same people. So when you go and live that experience it's like you know yo you have to yeah you ha you have to face lots of problems and you have no on to solve them for you so you are more responsible after after going through such an experience. with some of some of them yeah. Especially with th with the Spanish ones cause. I have written to th to the English one but the they have no: I have no answer of it. . Yeah Korean. Yeah he wrote to me: a month ago or so yeah Japane well i in my classroom there were about fourteen people and we were three or four Spanish and the rest of yo the people were. Asian people Korean Japanese and yeah cause you know as the course was in it of a very low level. We we: didn't have classes we didn't share the classes with English people. And tha that was something that disappointed me a little bit . Cause I would like to to share the classes English people: had. Yeah yeah I I knew quite a lot of people of English people there of course a friend of mine who who was from Madrid lived in a house alone with English people so I get in touch with them. We went out together. I think er:. yeah of course it is cold but. the people it you mean the people no not as much as as I thought before going there you know . Yeah yeah what I what I think is that in the end they are quite similar to us. Espe I'm talking about men I I don't know ab about women. But men are practically the same you know they they like football they they like beer they are so. It's more or less the same. what what surpri what surprised me a lot was that everybody there seems to know a lot of music. A lot of bad music I mean. Yeah and so I like very much English music so: it was very interesting have con having conversations with English people about the music I like and th they knew much more than me and it was really: you know something:. Yeah. Well maybe next year I'm thinking about it I'm not sure yet. No it I'm looking forward going to: may maybe to Essex to the University Esse of Essex cause I've been told that it's very: hard university and I like to to prove s I'd like to prove myself if I if I can go through it. Yeah I've been told about it I hope so. Well I I know it will be difficult of course. Yeah but you know my: qualifications maybe are: a little low. I'm not sure yet because I I I'm not sure if I want to be: a teacher or. I have to think about it but I'm quite interested on: on the ap on the application of English to the: industry world you know what I mean. Yeah business yeah. So I may study: the degree of business . Yeah. 