But well I don't know next time I would like to go somewhere else maybe Ireland or Scotland because that's nearer. I don't know and well about food I don't like any any of those places I every time I went out for for dinner I went to Italian places or French places because I'm very special with food and picky and. So I don't know I I wouldn't choose any any of those places. both. Well sometimes I mean you can try different kinds of food because I I mean Spain you have Spanish food and even though you have restaurants from other countries. People don't usually go to I don't know Indian restaurants or because you know I I don't know why but we're very stupid in that in that sense. We won't want to try different things. The thing that what we have here is the best and the most healthy thing and well I don't know if it's true or not but we're that stupid we don't. You don't even try different things but when I was abroad I I tried you know things from I don't know Italian or and they were okay but if I have to choose I prefer Mediterranean food so I don't know in that sense. Italian food any I mean pasta or yeah pasta probably I love it. I don't know. And have you heard about a place well I don't know if you've been to to the States but there's a place called Olive Garden. my favourite if I go well I would live there in all in the restaurant I mean. ah which part. Ah. I went there twice. I went to to New York city. Ah big place. And but I I stayed there with a family for two weeks and near Albany was near Cooperstown. You go there. Ah Skid Skidmore College. Yeah I know some people from there. . Tracy I don't know her her last name Tracy something well I know many people from three years ago. Who were here in Spain. And three years ago and last year too I do I don't know who was from well this year I have an exchange from K from Skidmore his name is Matt Matt something I don't know. you know him he's a very tall guy. from from Spain. Ah. But third course third . I don't know. well I don't know. What else can I tell you I don't know. about well I also went to Wales once. And it was very difficult for me to understand people over there but because. Sorry. in English yeah well they they spoke English. It's in Brit Britain. to England. They I mean they they speak English but they also speak Gaelic. Gaelic or something like that but th their English is difficult for me I I couldn't understand a word. I was talking to the people at the shops and . it was to me I mean it seems to me as if they were like I don't know the word like but dog zoo. I don't know so well it was the the landscape is very nice. I don't know like like Wisconsin have you been to Wisconsin. No it's a nice place. Like cows and and stuff. yeah it's obvious. Spain then America. Well I I remember like the last summer I went to to the States I I went on a trip with my friends. And we we we drove through thirteen states. it's a very long trip very tiring were. We saw a lot of stuff yeah and like we went to from Mid West to New England and that was my favourite part like Boston and yeah Boston Massachusetts in general. And I was very good trip we went it was it was a good year and a good trip for me because I like the previous year the the the previous course. We well in in the university we I took am as a course North American litera literature. And it was on am Thoreau and Hawthorne and Emerson well I don't know many of those authors. And I I went to when I went to Massachusetts I saw all the places where they were born where they s where where they wrote and like for example I I went to see Walden Pond. In Concord I think and then I well I also I also went to Plymouth and then this year I took a course on American history and when when we were studying things and facts and hap that happened then over there yeah I went to that place and I went to this other place and I remember the Lex Lexing Lexington Paddle. Because I went to this place and I saw that and. And I take a pictu I took a picture with the with the statue and I don't know or like the the Mayflower. Yeah and everything so I mean for me it was very nice my friends would tell me yeah it's normal . And they were like okay okay Paz take it easy okay so. . . Like where. . Salamanca. It's near Madrid yeah. . it's way different now. From those times well the river is the same and the bridge and but I think the city. Is very well it's it's the same city but you know it has lots of new buildings and so well but anyway you should go there it's a nice place. . it covers two hours and a half or something like that. Three hours about. 'mhm'. 