. Sorry. . . . Twenty four. Spanish. here in Murcia. Spanish. Er: native language well Spanish. My father is from Argentina. Yes. . Okay yeah. topic two. the country that I have visited was this summer this last sat this last summer was France because my parents are working there and: it was impressionant because nobody my father my mother my sister and me nobody speak speaks Fren French. And it's for impressionant because my parents my parents have working have been working from January of the last year and and in a year they never learnt French . Never. nothing sorry I'm very nervous . And. In it's a: from eight hours of Paris. Sorry. it's a: very little very little and it's very different from Spain because when she sorry they: they eat at twelve in the morning and at five: p-m in the street there are anybody. Nev nothing nothing and only: only there are one one pub. And at eight o'clock of p-m closed. It close and only one shop is it's terrible it's terrible. Yeah. And the I cannot I cannot live there it's it's very different the food is it's very good but in general the food is bad. Is bad the: I don't like it . Yes I s I was in: in Paris. Of course and . Paris of course. Because it's like you are in in a: in a tale. In a fairy tale. It's like it's very charming is magic is all the all the travel in Paris talking in English because French I don't know Spanish ne nothing: nobody: talk in Spanish. In the hotel my parents my parents said please talk you and in the restaurant because they give me: the card and I don't know if it's meat fish . Yeah I don't know. But in English more or less . I understand very well with them. Yes. Yes. Yes because it's very nice and I I can: I could sorry I well I understand with er: with the with I understand in France with there because I speak English because . and it's very jo it's like a joke because I: go to France and speak in English it's: it's very rare. And but I have a problem when I: talk in English one or two days it's well but er: at first first of all I cannot because I'm very nervous like like now and I don't remember the vocabulary I don't remember: the struc the perfect structure to talk and I have to change my chip of my mind and it's it's difficult change. I: came back on: on August on August. Yeah this Christmas because my p my parents working. Sorry. Ah because erm: the he their their boss moved to: to my parents there because in France there are a lot of work and here in Spain no. and: yes my father work in: Hidroelectrica . there are in France called "e-d-f" . E-d-f and: in France is very: very poor the: the light . it's like in: like like if they was in: in prehi prehistory. Pre-history. Is is very: it's true it's true is . yeah a lot of a lot of little: cities. they have not how do you say the: . Could be could be. 