. . Twenty. Spanish. Murcia. Spanish. Spanish also. Yeah. Here. Okay. okay I think I could speak about er: the first time that I went to England. it was like four years ago and then I: it was in the summer I was there for three weeks I was in: I was staying in the vel village called Lowestoft in Southeast of England and it was a nice village I met a lot of people there English as well as Spanish and also German and French people I was there doing a course during three weeks I had lesson in the morning and then in the afternoon we had some ex excursions to: near villages there and we went also: we spent a day in London and also in Cambridge and Norwich Cambridge was really beautiful I liked it very much and London also but it was very crowded. Because the day we went there it was er: the: the Queen's mother's birthday and it was very very crowded the we couldn't we could hardly: walk around there. We went to visit the: British Museum and National Gallery also and we were looking around there so . The: I think it's a different way of of living because it's very different the: the time they wake up and the: the time they: go to bed is quite different from here th also the: meal times and the importance they give to the: to meals they they have a very light lunch which is different from here and er: then also the the houses there were very few buildings very few blocks with flats it was o al almost everything: with er: houses on their own. And and I I like it. Pardon. Yes. Yeah I like to have a: a little garden just like there because here we we can't have in the flats. Er: I think it's a fallacy that they are: er: you know very: that they are not nice there there are of course not nice people like in everywhere because here in Spain er: there are also people which are not nice but I maybe I was lucky when I went there and: because I met almost: everyone I met was quite nice to me or maybe because I was stranger or so. I don't know. Yeah the accent I: I found in in this place in this village I went to er: was quite different they: for example they said play instead of player a different pronunciation of some vowels and and also: er: o some some different pronunciations of some words which I found particularly difficult to understand them. After a few days it was good. Not really. Yes. I'd like to: go back to London or: or or somewhere near London because e the: this village was er: sort of three hours by bus. In London. yes with a family. Very nice. Yeah they had a: son which was twenty years old like me and they had also a Russian woman there staying in the same house. So it was quite nice coz we: we talked and we learnt different things about different countries it was nice . not as good as here but. For three weeks it's it's not un unbearable. I could try. Yeah I think so it's just getting used to it. 