. . yeah I've seen them . I think I will I will take the the one about one country. because I love. What country . All the countries I like all the countries but I I have been to to India. India lots of years ago I went there for nearly one month with my parents. And we we: we stayed in the jungle. It was a kind of safari or. Is it called safari. And we stayed there for living in the jungle in in a small plac very small cot cottage . Cottage and ah we stayed there for fifteen days travelling seeing lots of animals and people there was imagine they don't have anything. And they they give you all that they have and ah it was amazing. . Me I think it was ten years ago. And I was very young. But I I can remember everything really really clear because it was. I think the. Best experience of my life. See that things all the animals we we: rode on elephants and things like that we saw crocodiles we were swimming in the same place where they were eating . And they told us the that after after the bath . And it was it was. I I have everything no it was a very good experience all all the all my all the travels I I have I have done ah. Yeah . Where for example I have been living in in Dublin for three months this year and for four months last last year and it was another good experience because when you're living abroad in your own you you learn lots of things you have to work. To: to eat and things like that. ah I like to know people from from other countries and different cultures. Yeah and next year I think it's going to be the best one the best the best experience I'm going with with my friend to to the United States for one year. We are going to. yeah Texas Houston. yeah. yeah. Why. . . okay someone someone told me that they speak very slow I don't know I don't know if the ac the accent is going to be well American accent is completely different from Irish or English so I hav I hope to understand everything. We are we are going to be teaching there. at the beginning Spanish and then I don't know if in the the primary school and it's a: a kind of it's not the. One year. Yeah we are. Yeah. and well we: we have applied for this to the government. it's a kind of or. maybe. Yeah more or less. No no no the government. ah. well they they arrange they arrange everything. yeah. it's as if we were working for the government here we are we are going to be working there and it's ah as if we were working for the Spanish government. yeah a:nd I think that travelling is always is always good. I've been to: to the: Dominican Republic Republic. To: Bali. in Indonesia and I don't know what to say about. Yeah and. No. A:nd I w I s I went to Florida but it was a long time ago a:nd I think that's all maybe well France some a few places in Spain and but the best one was India. Yeah India. Because they they have very little things are very important for for them and if they have ah only: just ima imagine if they've just have bread for for breakfast or for for lunch they give you all they have and they don't mind . It's like the way they think about about life and customs they don't have electricity they don't have hot hot water they have to. To to put the water on the fire to take showe a hot s a hot shower if they want to take a hot shower everything is completely different and they they live with th with the animals so I don't know. . myself. . No I. I think I'm I'm a bit shy at the beginning. But once you know me I I'm crazy mad. Completely mad I speak a lot I'm a: nervous person but but I can I c I have I can be ah patient as well. but. yeah and: I like kids a lot and. what age. All of them all of them. I think both are when I'm in the kindergarten I feel very good and and d'you you know that you yo you can't you can't do the same activities that with the with the old ones but it's it's good and with the old ones you can speak more and joke make jokes make jokes and both I couldn't say which one I prefer. I have I have tried all of all of them when I was well on the on my training and I've been doing a substitution in a school a few months ago and I stayed with third course third five and six and: it was my first time in those courses and it was good. I enjoyed I thought it was going to be more difficult than than it was. About teaching . I like to see how they improve I I like to see that they enjoy studying English because in lots of school they pupils look at them at that subject as a bad one they don't like normally. Because they don't know what to they don't understand English and I try to do everything like a game or activities interesting activities. songs and. and different different activities. the the only thing. That is that I have to work a lot at home to prepare everything but. And if you: if you do it for maybe for three four years then you have everything in your mind and you can you you don't have to to work as at the beginning at home I think. I hope . Yes. Yes I'm I'm always looking for new stuff and new books. New activities. plays. . thank you thank you. hobbies I like all kind of sports. I love moun the mountain and the mountain. Training and. No no no no no climb. I tried once. But it was no I can't ah you have to be very you have to be very strong and I'm not I'm not very strong and. Hiking . Yeah. and well I like almost everything and swimming as well. And skiing. I like swimming because because I had an accident when I was skiing and the doctor told me that I have that I had to to swim everyday so . And: my hobbies . yes cinema I like Spanish Spanish films. And: I don't know handcrafts I love doing jewellery earrings and. Jewellery yeah. I hate that word . Yes and: painting I paint. Yes. I like copying whatever. yeah. Reality or another. For example if I s I look in at a magazine and I see something that I like I. Yeah photograph or another picture I I change a bit but I change it a bit but the: idea comes from there so. Everything new things I like to try everything. no no no this this one I did this one yeah. And. And. yes and everything. . Yeah teaching but I would like to: to work for the for the state so: I think not this turn but next one I will I will do the exams. yeah and I I have I have to well I'm going to the United States for the next course and I'm I think that I have to prepare the exam there and I don't know. because maybe too much too many thing too many new things at the same time. But I don't know if I'm goint to to have time to study . But I would like to:. 