Hi. I'm . Yeah. I picked the one of about the: the film. Ah ah I: I'd like to talk about a film which I I haven't liked at all is I think the the the last film I've seen lastly and it's name is Resurrection I don't know if it's heard about it. Ah I recommend you not to see it . Because it it is is pretends to be it pretends to be like similar to to Seven have you have you seen it. About yeah about the it was Brad Pitt a:nd Morgan Freeman I think and they were they were after a a a murderer and it's very: surprising the the end yo you don't expect anything and so on but when you when you see the second film o which is mo more or less the same. You say what. Yeah there's no suspense there's no I don't know and the other hand the the the the actor main actor of the of Resurrec Resurrection is ah Christopher Lambert and I I don't like him at all ah he's a bit ugly . Is better Brad Pitt you see . No well the it's about a: a murderer who who pretends to: to to who kills people taking and takes ah part of of the the the body for example the the one arm she takes from the first from the first murdered . And or the leg or the head because he wants to to create to recreate the the body of Christ. And s because he thinks he is going to resurrect or something like that but the the even the end of the of the of the film you expect it you you know what's going to happen and everything there's a the the the the the wife of the of the of Christopher Lambert you know that's going something is going to happen to her you see you know what I mean . You know it because . And first when I was in at the film I thought well it can't can't happen anything to her because in in Seven you have seen you you don't know but. Ah in Seven you know there's something that happens to to her to to the wife of the of the main character. I said I thought well is too similar. But in fact there's something that happened to her so. Ah she well from the beginning of the film they they tell us that a friend of the of the wife is going to come to the town to to live or to stay with them for a few days. And you know nothing of of her and you I I think that I this this I smell something I mean. And say why is this woman going to come and there's nothing it has nothing to do with the with the story. And what happens is that the the the murderer ki 'eh' kills kills the friend thinking that it's the the main character's wife because she is she was at home and so on. And: what else ah . Ah. He's a it's the problem is that the film is not ah cohesive at all you know what I mean. He's a man who comes there he's a: a: a: crazy man. Who who wants to: to to do that thing that to create ah the body of Christ. And so on and and and and in a one moment to the film the the they tell us you don't know how the the the main character discovers the things because he's suddenly says I see now I know that what is going to do and why is he doing it and and and you say well. How do you know it. it's I don't know well the the the killer he he comes ah to the to the to talk to to Christopher Lambert who is who is a a detective of the police and he p he he pretends to be a: a member of the FBI who is going to help him with the with the with the murders. With the mu with the murder ah he says to him something like you have to discover what what is why is he doing so why is he killing that people. And then the film ends and you. Don't know why why is he has he doing is he doing so they Christopher Lambert says one one at one point he says he has to he has some sins that he has to to redeem but they don't tell you the sins they well . no I don't like at all well there's the the Christopher Lambert also is in that film has a very a character which is a very predictable what he's going to do and what he's going to say and a very typical character of of this kind of feelings who is tortured because his son was killed he thinks because of his fault but it isn't so. You have more or less from time to time ah some flashbacks and then the the because he he thinks a lot of his child. And he has to: rescue. people I didn't like it I don't recommend it to you. I do recommend you to see Seven. Seven. Yeah. But it's much better and it's you don't expect the end. you you are. Sorry. ah a play. Ah now. Ah ah it's i I think that it's in video. it's it's quite old it's a bit I think it's of ah four five years. yeah yeah yeah. I I've seen it on television so. Yeah. He creates it but nothing happens of course . And and then the there's the typical we the the murder runs away the other one. Chases him yeah. And he kills him and that's the end . . Yeah and there's also the the friend of the of the main character. in every firm film you see the the the friend of the main character it's going to happen something to him. also so something happens to him he and he is he is not a a he the the murderer shoots at him something like that and and he is not able like to to walk. So: so: and he was a policeman also and and so it's very tragic because he's not going to be able to be a policeman anymore. and that's and Christopher Lambert has to revenge to take revenge for him. 2:. . 