yeah I was yeah I was there for: for a year. up in the north Minnesota. Went there for a whole year. Another amazing experience. yeah just great I was with a: American family where my. My two bro my two sisters and my brother went there also we've all been in the same family. yes so there's a very very good relationship it's now like another family we have there. And: it was just passed so quick the year it was great I did many many friends there the family the experience was great the only thing I didn't like was the weather because we were thirty: degrees Celsius down. Below below cero. very cold the whole year the whole year that's the only thing but apart from that it was just a great experience. I did the: I was in highschool there. Was there when I was sixteen. Yeah. No no no no no problems it was just great. No problems at all no. Easy easy yes it was easy and then maybe we're planning to go now next year to Houston I don't know if Angie told you. We're having an an oral exam on the third of May and if everything. goes fine and we can pass the exam then we'll we'll go there on July. I hope no we really want to because we're gonna be: working as teachers there in public s state schools so I hope we pass the exam . it depends maybe if we go there and just teach Spanish of you it depends on what they tell you it depends on the state you go to so. Maybe you go there and you're only teaching Spanish or maybe you have your own class and you teach teach the: Spanish subject and then other other subjects like natural science maths and it depends you know every state is different. So. No but living living like studying there was in Minnesota but I've been there going around with with my family I used to: to travel a lot there we went to San Francisco w to Chicago Florida Mexico. I love the United States . you know maybe because I had a great experience that's why and because it's different. You know I I I was on a another year in Ireland and it was also a great experience. yes beside Dublin I was in Bray. Oh they're very close. You know it's like it was very hard to get into a group but I I cannot really tell because I was just eleven years old so it's not the same when you're eleven years old that when you're older and you really have to manage to go into a group and meet people. yes it's much easier yes and and it was the first time for me that I was going on a foreign country so. And I wasn't going with like with a group of friends I was going for a family I think everything is different the age. that's the most important part. But oh yes another great experience too . I love going abroad a lot a lot. No no I was just in Ireland and and United States. I really want to but I was just asking María where is she from and she said Australia and I said oh my god what a lovely country I just really want to go everyone was saying it's amazing that country. it's different yes. really want to go and and and the weather the weather and they say it's it's just. Wonderful Australia and the people and everything. . Well I've been . Yes it's my but it's my second career the one I'm doing now and the first one I did from the teaching training but infant education. And then I was stud working for three years in a: British school. . great experience yeah the the people I met there is the one that I go around now. so very very good experience it was a: just a new school so everyone that went in were the same age and we hang hang around very good all together and then I decided to do this well the English training because: to find a job here in Spain it's much easier with English than without English. So: that's why I started doing this and I'm I think in June I'm done in June. Well if everything goes just like I want to I'll pass my exam the third of May then I'll go to the United States for a year and then I'll come back in June to take my: state exams. Cause we have them on next June and if I pass them that's everything I want to do with my. On the professional way. Age group. until now I've always said kindergarten kids because I love them but: this year I've been working with the eight-years-old and it was fantastic too it's different because you can do much more activities with them. And you can get on a conversation it's not the same like with the: the small kids but: I don't know each age has an especial thing. yeah. the ones I'm more afraid are the ones of the: secondary course. The one that they are fourteen fifteen and those are the ones I'm a bit afraid. Yes and you have to really handle the class if you don't want them to. a lot a lot yes because the ones at primary courses they really respect you as a teacher. And the ones the older ones they don't it it shouldn't it usen't to be like that in Spain but it is now they don't respect the the teachers any more. I love travelling with my friends I love that. I love: reading I love going to the cinema I love:. The ones I cry . drama drama the last movie I saw it was John Q. Did didn't you see about Denzel Washington. no no I don't wanna tell you about it it's a very very nice movie I like those one and the ones I don't like are the: the horror movies the ones I don't like those ones no but I love going to the cinema. yeah no no I don't like those ones. I like drama. And. Ghost maybe . Ghost yes yes. I cried so much with that movie I still cry in every time I see it and: I don't like I love going to the cinema I love hanging around with my friends I love travelling just going out from our out of Madrid at least for the weekends. And: I love reading and. I love Paulo Coelho I don't know if you know him. it's philosophical one philo philosophy. Philosophy you know and is it . ah okay okay I heard maybe it wasn't working and: I don't know any dram but I like most of the books I don't like politics those are the only types of book I I don't read but. Otherwise I would read any book I love reading. If I have time of course . 