. Yes. Topic three. Ah a film or a play. I'd like to talk about a play. That I watched and it was by Bertold Brecht. A German writer and it was called The Chairs . well it was yes it was a I saw it in Spanish so when I was at high school. I went with my lite universal literature class. And it was in in a theatre in Madrid and I liked it very much because it was it was a bit sad I think because it it was about a couple that they were talking alone all the play but they were talking about other people and they started to in invite other people but there was nobody and they started to: to take chairs and to talk to people but there was nobody so it was such loneliness and they made us as if there were people . And well the the actress I don't know if you know her was I don't remember her name right now and well I went with my class and it was some years ago four five years ago and I didn't know much about literature but I liked it very much. It was I think a modernist writer. sorry. No I liked it well I I think it was so sad but I think it was the what is good about the play so the feeling the feeling you get is the loneliness and you come out of the theatre feeling a bit depressed but . I don't know. I the people with whom I went didn't like the film. Well some of them did but. Most of them didn't like the film the play sorry that I think because it was a: a bit strange because you expect to: to watch a: a story about people and things that happen. but it was it didn't happen anything . No. it didn't have an ending . It was a very strange as I said. Sorry. Yes . They we they were talking to to people and and touching people but there was nobody so. Because they talk to among themselves as well but it was sad . I went I I haven't watched much plays but I went to one I I don't remember the playwright I think it was Lope de Vega. no it was no I don't remember . It was very funny but a a man who's who's ill and and he trust to: to do whatever he wants because he's ill and he thinks people have to: to to be: taking care of he of him because he's ill and it was fun because there was there were love affairs as well. And I went with my class as well. Yes but I don't remember right now. But it was a normal thing a play. No because it was a lot of . Yes. No no n but but I've been told it's good. Have you watched it. I think it's a parody of American society. . I've been in Italy for example. Ah I liked Milan. Most of all the places because I: I didn't expect to find a beautiful city because most of the times when people talk about Italy they talk about Rome or Venice. And I didn't like Venice . no because you think about the water and the those shapes I don't know how how are they called. But then what you what you find is the water is very dirty and it smells badly and . And well and Rome I: I saw the Colosseum but it was it was being mended so but it was not very good. for a week only for a week that I visited some of the places and Pisa. And I liked a lot the . yeah yeah. . Yes all of them . And well you go with your friends and you have fun . yes . And I haven't been to Britain or to: America so. yes in private schools or at university well you don't speak much at university. You can't speak to: the native people or. Yes. Yes because you only have the opportunity to talk if you speak in class but many times you don't speak. So I think there should be some classes or conversation hours with native people or non native but to give you the opportunity to talk in the first course there are some some courses of conversation because you have an or an oral exam. But you don't do much and it wasn't all the year. So you don't get much practice. Yes I think so I think many people need the: the courses because not all the people have the opportunity to go abroad. And practise I like to go I I want to go abroad but when I finish my degree it's when I want to go in the summer when all the people go abroad. And you find Spanish people. All all are Spanish people around and and I think it would be a good chance to practise your English. Yeah. . No. Yeah I want to go abroad because of that because I you you not only have to: to know how to speak the language because yo you need to: to know the culture as well. And I think it's useful and if you want to to teach I don't I don't know if I want to teach but in case I teach. I think you: you have to teach the language and the culture as well. So so you have to to know it. English. English language . I don't like li well I like literature but not to teach it I'm not very good at literature . Yes grammar and syntax is what I like most. . right . Sorry. The food. In. I don't understand sorry. Ah yes all the time . You're eating . all the time and pizzas we we went to Burger King one day. Because we missed meat . But I like the. that food yes. If you eat it all the day. yes . . . It happen to me also . yes . Yeah . . 