Okay. Okay I'll try. Okay okay it doesn't really matter what I could talk about a boo a film but I don't rem remember what it's called in English can I say it in Swedish. it's called . li as I think it's called As Good As Good as it Gets do you know what it is Jack Nicholson . Helen Hunt . okay it's it's a quite good movie which I've seen twice the last year well he is a writer and he earns a lot of money and they don't have a lot of money so he can help them out it really makes you happy when you see it because it's and it's of course it's Jack Nicholson he's quite a good actor. okay . in in the film yeah. . . very much nicer person. I don't know him at all haven't seen him before it's no one famous. No. Helen Hunt. Well I guess it was but it wa that wasn't what the the movie was about but in the end they e sort of ended up together. But that wasn't sort of the main theme of the film in any way. I think they wanted to to say that you don't th you think you know things about other people how they are and how they act and why they do things but you really don't. no. More like being different or . I think so. . yes. Well my boyfriend's a P H D at theory of science and he's going. To: England for at least a term. And I'll probably go with him sort of take a break from studies because I'm stud been studying for five years. so I need to do something else. when I come back I I'll probably take the pedagogics year you know to become a teacher. German and English. yes I feel I need that. I'll have to spend some time in Germany too. well probably Cambridge. but he's not sure he wants to go there because: he w he wan he needs to get sort of a lot of contact with the department members so he can learn English because he wants to write his dissertation in English. And he's not very good at it . And because Cambridge University's such an large university he will s. Become one he won't get any attention or maybe I think maybe it would be. Better to go to: Edinburgh because it's a smaller department theory of science there. . Yeah. no that's nice. . Yes. I thought you were American. They said so I was supposed to talk to. An American. except studying. I train at the gym. no. well. yeah I guess you could call it bodybuilding . I do some: aerobics too but it's not you don't have time to do much else. When you study. You study and try to get some exercise so play the piano . . Well I not so mucks not so much classical music but more you know Chess. musicals. Yeah. No in the shower . Yes. 