actually . yeah. yeah. . Yes. that was. last spring when I was working with my boyfriend in in the U K. We were travelling around and we were working at different pubs and hotels and it was quite interesting to see how the hierarchy of these places works basically. That the boss sort of decides everything and. you have nothing . We basically got sacked three times out of four. . for no reason we we read through these things that you have to read through in order to to get to get a job. and we went for interviews and the interviews were basically just w oo how old are you . and I said how old we were and that was it and and so we thought okay we have a job for at least a few months but it took two or three weeks and then they they sacked us basically. . None at all . We just weren't the right people or something like that. so. maybe cos s my boyfriend at the time he's from from Sri Lanka so he thought maybe they had. Some racist. Thought behind that. which is a bit scary. but. in Croydon in London and in Wimbledon London and where was it then we went up to to Scotland actually to a hotel. Dalwhinnie a small village. Oh in the outskirts of nowhere . Basically it's in the middle of nowhere. it worked out for a month then we went to a brilliant place up up in the North of Scotland LochInver where everybody was really nice. and and friendly . so there it worked out but I learnt a lot from that experience . . . . They were they were nice the customers they really wanted to get to know you and. and gave you nicknames after like two seconds . Yes so that was that was a good part I think. a bit scary as well cos cos people were really alcoholics they came in at like eleven o'clock and had a few pints then went to work then came back had a few more pints and then then back to work so it was. I wasn't. no but I . I had to learn very very quickly. But they they mostly bought pints of different beers so. I remember that Bloody Mary and pff whatever they had but I learnt quickly I had to learn quickly . . . they did yeah but we weren't allowed to have any drinks we we just took money from them or. Or wrote down on a piece of paper like have we got half. A pint or something like that. it w yeah it is I guess but the good thing is that it was a live-in kind of position. So we. We we stayed for free 'n we: had our we ate for free. Not the best meals in the world but still . Exactly lots of chips. but then you know we got paid as well so. I came back to Sweden with with some cash which was which was good. Yeah. Yeah I came straight home then. After that spring adventurous spring . I w. Yeah I I I yeah I think I would recommend it . but I went out thinking oh everybody in the world is so nice and a bit Swedish and naïve. so everybody is not that nice. I've learnt that. No. not not until they sacked us . Basically . . yeah yeah. M maybe one or two days. One gave us like a few hours to pack up and leave. so . And they paid us so. A bit more than they should just to make themselves feel good I think. but so we could stay in the hostel for a few nights and get a new job and . w. We did well cos I had been working at a hostel for quite some time here in Gothenburg. and as in in Cambridge as well. for a while but. a youth hostel. yeah where people come and stay for a few nights so we thought about that but we well we did work in a hotel later wh which was better than the pub . Thing cos that was really greasy and lots of smoke and stuff. . No no no . You do as well yes. Well the shifts were different so: everything from well latest obviously the pub closes at eleven o'clock and. You stay on for an extra half hour or an hour. to clean and stuff. So sometimes you worked all day through from eleven to eleven. With maybe two hours' break . Yes but it was a good experience. . yeah. well they had more whisky in Scotland and. . They did actually yeah. But I didn't I didn't work at a at a pub for s that long in in Scotland so. I saw more the pub life in London and the hotel scene in in Scotland. I was a cleaner and my boyfriend was the the porter. of the. they were they was a five star hotel so so. They were really nice and posh and and tipped us good. so that was interesting. they didn't no they left a bottle of wine once . Which I stole but apart from that not much no. . They were yeah. So. Well th we had like two suites I think and then there were there weren't that many rooms maybe twenty-four in the whole hotel. So there were small and and big ones and but they have their own everything tea trays and TVs and pff little gifts at their gardens. so. yes there were . yes . Oh I can't remember now it was I don't know actually but it was a lot of money. That's all I can say . nice place. . Lochinver. yeah. it's near Ullapool. Yeah north of. Ullapool. . It is a very nice part. yes it was . a bit too interesting. 