Yes I'd like to tell you something about Iceland. I went there and I thought it looked a lot like the North of Sweden or: Scotland. But it's more wild less people and then they have their volcanoes and boiling mud and hot springs and all the rest. So I found that very interesting. That was about two years ago. in the summer I went there for two months. an exchange programme. So I worked in or just outside Reykjavik for two months. And then I travelled around the country for ten days. was: July and August. And the first week of September and all the. All the Icelandic people thought we were crazy because we were camping in September and they thought. It was winter. But we survived it . It was really different from day to day. Because most of the time it was I had to have long trousers and a sweater and a jacket. But then some days it was just really hot and it was shorts and t-shirt and go swimming so. yeah yeah. no all Icelandic people go swimming a lot cos they have their hot. springs. If you go swimming in the sea then you're mad they don't do that so. No I didn't try. no some of my friends did but. . It's it it varies. It can be: it can be boiling hot can be too hot to go into it but . In all the swimming pools they have this hot pots they call it. And they're about forty degrees. . Unless you're pregnant yeah . They have these warning signs up I think yeah they don't stay in too long. . and they have their their natural ones also I think. Of course all of them are natural water but some are just a stream. Out in the wilderness and you can get into it. yes I did this exchange programme so . We went out for: two weekends once we went to the north and once to the south. And then as well I travelled all around the country so. yeah I wasn't actually a a student. I was just to to work in different Scandinavian countries. so you just apply for what country you would like to go to. And and then if you're lucky you get a note home saying you got this job and you get to stay there and this is the money you will get and you just. Say yes or no. So I just went off for two months . Yes I did. yeah well actually I worked in a family so that's why but. Otherwise it it differs you can stay with a family or you get your own flat or. Yeah. A young boy and a dog. yeah . He was two I think they were just about to have a another boy. and that's why they wanted me to look after the older one. So I was there when the younger one was born. I've done that before so I was an au-pair in Oxford England . And then after that I I liked it and that but I said never again. Cos I didn't want to stay live-in with a family . But when I got this offer to go to Iceland I just said okay one more time. so I did. 