The Swedish play . By a Swedish author called Lar Lars Norén. He's I I mean I think he's one of the greatest w the greatest actually I saw this I think it was in: ninety-eight first time here in Gothenburg. And it was about seven prisoners that had been convicted. For usu mostly sexual crimes but violent crimes in general as well and when I saw that I was in a: place in my life where it's actually the opposite of where I am now i and. It was also when I started to sort of how should I say find myself if you if you like. and all m e I mean every every single one of my values changed with that play. Actually yeah and. It is it is and that's why I th think he's you know the greatest author or writer there is he's a he's a playwriter and a director and he's the artistic leader of a theatre with its place in Stockholm. . no they weren't actual prisoners they were. Actors. Yeah that's another play by him yeah right. But the thing is that th the play is actually about I mean who is the victim and who is the offender and. Who is the monster really. and I mean if you if you look at it it's very it's very powerful and if you look at it and if you really hear what they're saying which is quite obvious what they are saying. every single one of them are victims before they be became monsters or killers. Rapists or whatever. and that really got me thinking about you know who am I: who are they: . Can I really really judge anyone because they've done something bad and so on. and I just the thing is that I had a I think it was about a year or two years after that a former boy-friend his his father's best friend were actually killed here in Gothenburg. by an axe-murderer yeah in in in the m middle of of the street actually. Yeah. And it was it was somehow it was easier to: not look at everything in black in whi and black and white. Otherwise I think cos: I was you know the girl-friend of. You know a friend of his his best friend's son and I was just it was easier for me to deal with it and it was easier. For me to help him in his grief. My former boy-friend . M m very much due to this play that I actually saw to sort of. It was it was so interesting and in this play the actors says so many how should I say important things in just one sentence or one phrase. Sometimes and it's just woof I was sitting I was when at the break I was actually feeling sort of tension in my muscles because I'd. Been sitting you know . Yeah it is. Yeah well at the theatre yeah. And then they actually made a TV version of it and I recorded that. And saw it on video. s yeah somewhat different but the TV version was really really good so they've actually. Sort of they they had managed to transfer m m the the play the to to TV version and I thought. It was woof it was. Wonderful. Yeah. Righ yeah in in in a in a in a sense it is. really and there are so many things that for example there is prisoner who who's been convicted of of he's been I mean he's a paedophile. And it started when he was about four or five and and then when he was an eleven he he actually molested his first child which was a: cousin of his. And then he said it's so strange because when I was a child I wanted to talk about it because when he was he molested his cousin. the parents caught him . and then they slapped him or actually they abused him physically . big time and then they didn't wanna talk about it . And he said through who my my whole childhood I wanted to talk about it. And I couldn't and now when I've actually killed someone and you know molested children. As well I have five psychologists and psychiatrists who wants to speak to me <breaths. But now it's way too late yeah and and I think I that's: pff I think that s says it all really. it doesn't. It's very much a traumatic play yeah I think it's about two: and a half or three hours with a. Short break of twenty minutes. and Lars Norén is so good with with all these things because he sort of all of a sudden he gives the audience a joke . A very a very: ugly joke or what you should say a:. yes with a: yeah very much. Black humour and that I was I really I saw that I was I was started to laugh I mean this joke was not that funny but I was laughing my head off for about three or four minutes a a. As did the rest of the audience really . So that was really interesting because we needed the: we needed some sort of a release and. We got that with that joke. yeah with my best friend and his former girl-friend. oh yes yes I think that I: my best friend's girl-friend she had another she had another view she she looked at it from another point of view. But my best friend name we were looking at it the same. Way. But we needed I mean three or four hours after you know having glasses of wine. you know. Needed really needed to talk about . . From from every single angle we could really come up with. And it was a very interesting discussion. And nowadays I go and see everything I can. yeah and by by Lars Norén and as a matter of fact I'm going. On Sunday. It's a it's a play called Kyla cold. I suppose can be translated to at Backa. . And it's and it's called and they are sort of th they this theatre goes from from every single town. in Sweden so they are here on Saturday and Sunday. I know . Yes . thanks. 