So you you just want me to to start start talking. immediately yeah well as as I work as a as a courier for coach parties I thought I could just tell you something about that and . one of the countries I go to and that is Scotland. and I'm going there next next Saturday and I: I came to Scotland for my first time last year and I had never been there before and it was it it was really a nice nice impression immediately I like the the country just to to look at the the scenery and see the differences between the lowlands and the highlands really beautiful and I also was very impressed b by the the people. because they're very nice they are in England too but Sco Scottish. People they they seem to be: to be very nice and friendly and when you come when you come to a place they're very interested to to hear about you and to to know who you are and things like that so yeah. normally it's for nine days and we go we go all the way from Sweden so that means we're actually just in Scotland for three days. so that's quite a short trip because it's it's quite a long way from here to to Scotland and sometimes people don't realise that when they buy such a such a trip and they almost get a bit disappointed in the end because it's a bit it's a bit long way to go in the coach instead of flying so but it's . In the coach we go all the way from: from Malmö to through through Denmark through Germany and then Calais Dover and then all the way up and and we visit London for for one night and one evening so that's that's a a bit of a treat really so t to be able to get there as well but Scotland is that's one of my favourite I I also go to Italy a bit but Scotland is one of the favourites yeah . normally we go to to w so we visit we visit one place where we stay all the time and that's a little place this year called and that's sort of in the middle in between Edinburgh and Inverness so that's in the Highlands really and then we go visiting whisky distillery of course. Go to a castle we go to Edinburgh of course and yeah that's basically what we have time with really . . for these Scotland trips normally they are quite middle aged and over not many kids or so but when when I do trips to to London they they could be everything from infants to really really old people. So that's very nice and often the people get very they they get sort of they they become a group really and ye yeah they they get to know each other and they get friendly and mostly most of the times. Sometimes they can be pain so. My duties as a courier to get everything sorted out really to take care of the group take care of the hotel check-in s and to do the guiding serve coffee well everything you can imagine stay with people if they get sick and you have to go to the hospital that's happened sometimes yeah everything you can imagine so that's I enjoy it most of the time because most most of the times people are very friendly and they they really enjoy being on a trip and on such a trip a coach trip because the they they have they know they have bought this kind of trip and they know that it's it's a special type of organisation wh when it's such a like a coach party. Because you you become like a group and it's not like if you go t o with a sh charter charter trip . Cos then you you normally take care of yourself and maybe y you choose to to go with a an organised tour maybe for one day or two days but this is like organised every minute almost. And some people don't like that but they they know that most of the times when they come to the trip. so yeah. so so I do this London tour so so London and Scotland and normally I I do this Italy to the Italian Riviera. And that's very nice get to see the the ocean and that trip is very nice as well because if you compare that to to for instance London London is very organised all the time and lots of guided tours for me to to work with and the Italian trip is better because it's only one one evening that you have to work actually. And that's when we go to Monaco so that's not very well th it's of course you have to work but it it's a very nice trip people like it we go to the casino and things like that and it's beautiful so and the other nights you're free and that's good. So you can: sit next to the ocean with a drink and just enjoy. enjoy life and then you you work all all days of course but not not in the evenings and yeah and I've also done one one trip to Prague do you say that Pray Pray. Prague. And Budapest. And that was a month ago . So I caught a disease that was not very very good but . I'm well now so yeah but oth otherwise I I like those two cities as well they were really beautiful. well that that trip was quite actually it's Prague is not very far away you think that you may think that but it's because we we had this we started in Värmland so that's quite far far away up here in Sweden so we started there and our first night was outside what's it called Name in Germany and then the second day we just had had the trip to to the Czech Czech republic . Czech yeah so it was not really too far away just two days and that's yeah I think that's okay . I've I've got used to to going in in a coach now so. For me it's not a problem. Really but yeah so we had sort of one one evening first in in Prague and then just one day in Prague so that was quite quite a short stay in Prague and then we had first one one evening in in Budapest and then two two whole days so we could see the see the city and do some do some stuff so that's. 