. yes I'm going to talk about Thailand which I visited five years ago with one of my best friends and we went to Thailand and we stayed there for four months and I think it's a very nice country because of the weather of course and then the people who live there are very friendly and it's very beautiful and it has a different variety of: landscapes as well where you go depending on if you're on the coast or go to the jungle or yeah. Basically everywhere started up in the North and then we went to the South so it was very nice. I went for trekking in the mountains and elephants we rode on elephants and yeah it was very nice and of course we have had a very good time by the beach and. very very friendly and five years ago they still weren't tired of the tourists perhaps they are now I don't know I haven't been there since then but they were very friendly to tourists so this was very nice. Excellent so yeah so we went there in December which is a very nice time to go to Thailand of course it's because Sweden's very cold at the moment and Thailand has a very nice temperature then. So it was a very nice choice to go decide to go there. We were going to go to the plan was to go first to Thailand for one month Malaysia for one month and Indonesia for two months but we stayed in Thailand for three months and Indonesia one month so we fell in love with Thailand so. 's very nice. . The people very different so they were very friendly in Thailand and not so friendly in Indonesia perhaps they weren't that accustomed to tourists in where in the parts in Indonesia we went to maybe that's why. Sumatra to very small villages an an island in a lake on Sumatra called Lake Toba where there were mostly Muslims and perhaps not used to women travelling around I don't know so it was very interesting but I perhaps it's better to go there now I think there have been more tourists now since then but it was very nice. I like travelling a lot yeah. I haven't been outside Europe that much so mostly Greece . Really. no I haven't I'm afraid not. Is it the first time you're going. . Okay. no:. okay I haven't been to Crete but it's supposed to be very nice so but Greece is nice as well. I'm staying at home this summer yeah. Actually I just finished my: studies I'm: I'm a teacher now so I will start. Thank you so I will start work at in August at a school in Borås. English and Swedish. Yeah so it's my first real job. Yeah definitely it will be very funny. Because I like to: meet a lot of people and yeah I've tried it before before I started my studies so I enjoyed it a lot so that's why. The salary maybe yeah the salary I think and I it seems to be a very stressful job of course but I think it will be nice. Not really because the they are between sixteen and nineteen years old so I don't think it will be a problem really it seems to be a very nice school. so I have visited the classes now so they they seem to be very nice. Definitely in Gothenburg it's hopeless to find a job . Yeah unless you teach like kindergarten or . the lower grades. Yeah so I had to go to look for they're areas around Gothenburg. Instead so I'm going to Borås which will take me like an hour to go there. yeah so it will be quite hard to the com all the commuting well we'll see . No no not yet at least. I grew up here so I have my family here and all my friends I think it's a very nice town not too big friendly people. so that's that's why . . It's just outside by the by the sea at a friend's house. I hope it will be nice weather though. Otherwise it's not much really so. Just read a lot of English books and yeah relax have a nice time. . Yeah yes I haven't really planned for the lessons yet but I'm going to meet the other teachers tomorrow so we will start planning so maybe I have to look at the books and during the summer to plan for . What they will li learn in the fall . When they start again. Yes both in English and Swedish. . what do you mean I don't really understand the question. . Yeah I will try to get them to talk a lot of course in English and then of course you have to teach a little bit of grammar as well but I hope that it comes naturally that I see what they need and yeah I haven't really no specific plans so yes they're going to do this book and this book and so. no no no you can do exactly what you want as a teacher. so it's quite free or do you say yeah. you have sort of no you have goals that they have to achieve but in the way you you can do it in the way you want to achieve those goals but . There's no certain way to get there as long as you get there. so you can do however you want to so it's that's why: I prefer or that's why I like the teacher's I like being a teacher because it's very you can decide what you want to do as long as the students can reach those goals. yeah. no no no it's very general. no it's very general yeah have knowledge in this and that . So it's very open. yeah I think so. Well I studied at teachers' school last year and I don't think it really gave that much at the teachers' school so but being out in the schools on my practice whatever you say that gave me a lot to talk about to talk with the other teachers and they showed me what they were doing to get these I think i that's the best way to see how it works what they say at the teachers' school doesn't really matter because they haven't been teaching in the school for twenty years maybe the teachers at. The teachers' school . So I think the most important thing is to go out to the schools to see what they do there and sa sort of ga gather gather ex n expressions and make up your own way. I think that's the best way. yes two teachers come and watch and then of course you have the original teacher who's going to watch you every day the teacher at the school you're visiting. Is going to watch you every day but first you start off just having like ten minutes of le of lessons and the other teacher takes takes the rest so it's very start from ten minutes then you go on to having the whole day. So . Mölndal. Yeah it's pedagogic and not really: anything to have most of the people's say that it's not very good . so yeah but I dunno. 