yeah. That's right cos I I went to Malta. and it was a really really nice place I didn't know very much about it before I went there just that it was very small and it had been belonged to: Great Britain for a long time and. It's was very fascinating with so much history. Just to see the old buildings and just we went on this guided bus tour where the guide told us very much about everything we saw on the way. Nearly everything had to do with some historic event or something. And it was so beautiful it was like. It's so small so you practically see the sea everywhere and it's well the houses are built in this sandstone I think it is so it's kind of. This beige colour so it's very light everything. . That's wh so fascinating it was a bit of everything cos. Sometimes I felt like I was in England because there was so many English people or British people and there were like British pubs and. And you could get fish and chips everywhere and stuff like that. But then it was also like southern Europe very much cos I li. I lived in Spain for a while so I got reminded of Spain as well. I don't know that maybe the mentality m more and things you get could get in the store everything like that it was just. so much and then it was a bit like the Middle East because of the colours and of I mean even the: the features of the people looked a bit Arabic and the language too was so weird it was like. Yeah Ma Maltesian I think it is. yeah they have all the signs are in in both in English and in Maltese Maltesia. I dunno what it's called. it's the g the guide on the bus told us it was it's sixty per cent Arabic. and then the rest is I think English and and Romance language something like that it's it's from Latin mostly. nothing nothing at all it's it w it sounded so strange . it was one minute it sounded like Italian and next it was like Arabic and but they don't have they don't h write in Arabic writing they write . Sort of our letters so but it was impossible to make any sense of what we read on those signs . Yes. people could speak English everywhere. so that was also kind of good when you come as a tourist to. Don't have any problem with the language. Yeah. It's some . yeah. jo it's in Swedish I don't know what it is in English. No it's it's basically: I think they're live a lot on tourism. Because and a lot of and it's also many people who live there they are: they have like two passports they come from Britain but they also have a Maltesian men they are like mixed marriages between Britain because. I dunno if they have a special status or if it's just that there are very many English people there. but . no not where I was it was very: I mean there were a lot of like restaurants and and pubs and well not entertainment really but it was just it was like this long . And you didn't know where one st st[ended. And the other one started so and there but there was more they had like a little harbour and then there we wer there weren't many tourists at all because I was there kind of off season so. But . they have Maltesian food they eat a lot of rabbit. and like and what else yeah m ba m m m mostly rabbit that's their like traditional dish. I didn't try it . so I don't know . . But it's a lot of Italian food I ate mostly Italian food pasta. And they had a special pizza that's very good and. And just basically a lot of cos it's very close to Sicily too so it's kind of influenced by Italians. culture . it was cheap. and it was it felt kind of exotic. I went with my boyfriend he'd been there before so. He was like you have to go see it cos it's so nice so. That was basically why. Yes I can really recommend it . no not like this. I was a a model for you know the drawing in an art school. Yeah in the nude no clothes . Yeah but it's not like a portrait they sort of I had to stand in different poses. So they could see the anatomy sort of how my. Neck went when I did like this and . Yes cos you have to stand quite s for a quite a long time. And . we. Yeah but it was I dunno I kind of liked it too . Cos it's a very strange experience . . I I a friend of mine went to the school and they wanted to have extra classes at night but they didn't have much money so she asked me if I could like volunteer to be a model just to try it. and then they were very happy with me so they asked the teachers if I couldn't work there. A few times. so I did. Well it's not bad but I I didn't work for it's not like whole days so. and sort of stand there eight hours like a statue <end laughter. But it was okay I just did it sort of as an extra work while I was student so. yeah I d in the breaks I sometimes did and I was like ah. I don't look like that . no not really no. Oh yes but it's also I mean they don't like I said it's not a portrait it's just . It's sort of to express themselves too and to I don't know it's I didn't want to look too much because . No. No. No. no look so much like me no I was just like I don't look like that. But well it was kind of fun I wouldn't do it now though that was years ago so. No nothing. yeah: I read about that the other day in the paper. I think it's terrible because I mean I for me I don't mind because I'm aware that they do it but I think. About young girls like my niece. And she's growing up and I'm like oh and she's always talking about . She's nine I'm like she likes oh. But . she's she tells me I'm going fat I'm like . she's so conscious of what she looks like and I think she's still a child so. I think that affects especially young girls because they want to look like the pictures they see but they're not even. Real. yes. I definitely think so. may be not I think it's more unconscious I mean y you keep seeing these images and everybody. Is so perfect all the time so it's. I think especially yeah especially when you you when you're young. You're like in a bit insure of yourself and you. Yeah they do I don't know why they why they can't have real people like the way they really look I mean . . I don't know sometimes they ha some in some magazines they have like well some companies like Lindex or KappAhl and these places they have people that look more normal. Than I mean if you look in Vogue or something but. But I mean I think the important thing is what they want to sell the clothes and not the person that's. Wearing them. And I mean if I feel that if if they want to make me feel that I want to wear it then I don't look like the model so why. Why would I want to go and buy some flashy thing that they're wearing. I mean it doesn't really sell it's just the glamour part that . I want to be like them but. no no no no not at all . Okay. Thank you. 