or a that's not yeah. Yeah well I suppose I can talk about a country then I visited cos went to . Australia must be about two years ago now. A year and a half I'm not quite sure but yeah so basically my girlfriend's actually from there so went down to see but I went down travelling as well for well about a month so that was quite nice bit different from Sweden at least. So went up the East coast. She's from Melbourne so started off from there and went up along past Sydney which is: well basically a big city so nothing too different from anything else but and then up along the coast so went to Fraser Island. which is really interesting sand island I dunno if you know it but. yeah yeah you do yeah but so we went the they got these koala tours it's called where they pair you up with other people sort of travelling and you get to rent a four wheel drive and they take you out to the island and then you just go off and do your own thing for a couple of days so we had a bit of bad luck with the weather but. . we well I slept on a yeah we sort of had the dingos walking along between the tables and . things yeah. yeah yeah I saw that. Yeah. Yeah I saw that well well basically they warned you a bit for the dingoes so: and they did come up really close and everything and all that so but they never said to be dangerous or anything but. yeah. yeah I guess they will so and yeah you could see them everywhere pretty much so quite common supposed to see sharks and things as well but we didn't see anything of that . Yeah well they sort of cos they said you shouldn't swim in the ocean and so cos it's so. alright yeah. Yeah. Yeah I suppose it'd be better in sunshine though I guess . all the colours and yeah. Sort of cos you've seen the colours from pictures and things and it looks really great and it was still nice when we went but all the colours are quite different when it's it wasn't as exciting. did a bit up at Magnetic island sort of we never went out to the reef or anything but so. Yeah yeah so we went and saw that that was pretty good and I think it's known for a lot of well venomous snakes and things they got like the four deadliest snakes in the world on the island or something so . but yeah fortunately we didn't see any of those either so. but yeah. well I've been thinking about it sort of yeah it wouldn't it'd be alright sort of culturewise it's not too different from Sweden either so I like Melbourne sort of that's where we spent most of the time about half a year I suppose so. Yeah it would be like Melbourne probably if I went to live so but yeah I could see myself doing that. Yeah I suppose so it's taken a while but getting there have to blame it on my girlfriend I suppose. Yeah she's here so. she's working at an international pre school as a nursery teacher so. so well at least for that time we'll stay and then we'll see what happens depending on like I got a like a year or so more of studies to go and and depending on what happens with that we'll see where where we go I suppose. I'll probably be studying Swedish basically my aim is to get into research or like P H D course here I suppose that's what I'm gonna try to do just have to finish my essay first and then try there as well and if that doesn't work out I haven't got a plan B yet but we'll see take it from there then. oh sort of either really but to start I'll try in English and then see if I get accepted or not and then if not I'll try Swedish as well so hopefully I'll get something. I don't know I've always liked university and things or studying and so on and been thinking about what to do and I can't really think of anything it's like teacher maybe but staying on. sort of leaning towards some sort of language history. Yeah that's another idea . well I suppose I dunno I've just started playing football again so I did play a lot when I was younger but then I stopped about two or three years ago or something I dunno it sort of it just started going travelling around a bit and so on so you couldn't keep going really and then. But no yeah about half a year ago sort of actually quite enjoy that it's been a while so. Apart from that it's I suppose meeting friends and I like films books: theatre or I suppose I prefer films. Actually so. well I dunno I saw Scent of a Woman: yesterday but it's on TV so. I dunno it's a while ago s saw something I can't quite remember that's the thing I always forget yeah I don't I don't know . Yeah yeah. yeah I liked it. Alright yeah . It was actually my the first film my girlfriend saw in Swedish so she understood as well so. yeah. yeah yeah. yeah no it depends like that seemed to be f reasonably okay to understand like some other films might be a bit harder I suppose. yeah yeah. yeah. yeah. Yeah Iranian family. yeah it sounds like or: something like that. What are they called. yeah. Yeah . yeah. alright yeah. okay. yeah. Yeah well yeah I haven't any like I haven't really gone out to see any Swedish films like should start doing it a bit more and sort of just kept going that way. Yeah I suppose like I mean it's alright like she speaks well enough to to be understood and all and for a while it's alright you know more patient at the beginning but then after a week or two and sort of in everything you have to sort of be slower after a while you just lose your patience a bit and you go back to English . Yeah. So sh she'll get there it's . Another half year or so I think it's basically like if she starts talking a lot more Swedish herself it's it's gonna come pretty fast so . Oh she's been here a year and a half so it is a while like she understands pretty much everything now but yeah so she's working at international preschool it's all English teachers and sort of and they all speak English there so that's what they're supposed to do so then she comes home and I we speak English so it's obviously yeah it's not gonna help her to pick up Swedish really but she's getting there. yeah. Alright yeah. yeah. Yeah I suppose as well like being English speaking as well it's: probably the hardest language to have beforehand if you want to learn Swedish cos . like yeah yeah. 