or a that's not yeah. Yeah well I suppose I can talk about a country then I visited cos went to . Australia must be about two years ago now. A year and a half I'm not quite sure but yeah so basically my girlfriend's actually from there so went down to see but I went down travelling as well for well about a month so that was quite nice bit different from Sweden at least. So went up the East coast. She's from Melbourne so started off from there and went up along past Sydney which is: well basically a big city so nothing too different from anything else but and then up along the coast so went to Fraser Island. which is really interesting sand island I dunno if you know it but. yeah yeah you do yeah but so we went the they got these koala tours it's called where they pair you up with other people sort of travelling and you get to rent a four wheel drive and they take you out to the island and then you just go off and do your own thing for a couple of days so we had a bit of bad luck with the weather but. . we well I slept on a yeah we sort of had the dingos walking along between the tables and . things yeah. yeah yeah I saw that. Yeah. Yeah I saw that well well basically they warned you a bit for the dingoes so: and they did come up really close and everything and all that so but they never said to be dangerous or anything but. yeah. yeah I guess they will so and yeah you could see them everywhere pretty much so quite common supposed to see sharks and things as well but we didn't see anything of that . Yeah well they sort of cos they said you shouldn't swim in the ocean and so cos it's so. alright yeah. Yeah. Yeah I suppose it'd be better in sunshine though I guess . all the colours and yeah. Sort of cos you've seen the colours from pictures and things and it looks really great and it was still nice when we went but all the colours are quite different when it's it wasn't as exciting. did a bit up at Magnetic island sort of we never went out to the reef or anything but so. Yeah yeah so we went and saw that that was pretty good and I think it's known for a lot of well venomous snakes and things they got like the four deadliest snakes in the world on the island or something so . but yeah fortunately we didn't see any of those either so. but yeah. 