Yes. Oh yeah Musée d'Orsay. That's my favourite. absolutely. yes I love it. I paint myself. So: you can study just studying the paint brushes the colours how they did it you can see how they worked their way through the painting. see them in real life cos it's three-dimensional the paint brush strokes. You can't see them otherwise. It's difficult. I have not thought about that no. . yes it's in the Louvre. I don't know that. yes that I would believe perhaps. Motif. first of all I think that's tricky. I haven't given it much thought and then I I paint my more in the abstract rather than so it's not of anything it just comes up. And I I splash a lot of paint on the . Canvasses that's about it. well because of the don't know the intonation there patriarch society. yes women: didn't have the education to become painters. And even if they had it an innate talent. They: weren't allowed to express it I think. For a long period of time. And I think also that a lot of male artists that actually went crazy they were allowed to be crazy but women artists are not allowed. To be that. nobody likes it it scares people off instead of buying it they they get repulsed. . I can't picture it in my mind. . I do I I can't see the picture in my mind so I don't know. no I don't. No. I like. Monet. Why oh because he captures nature in a beautiful way. I like Van Gogh cos of his colouring it's beautiful I like the. Impressionists because y the brush strokes mainly and the colouring and that they see something in: inside their heads and they put it on the canvas. And they don't see reality and put reality on the canvas so they have an. Expression in it. yes to a certain extent. Not too abstract not if you want to: portray reality you can't be too abstract I don't like Picasso. That's too far off you can't see what it's supposed to be but if if you just go for. The abstract and don't pretend it's supposed to look like anything in reality then I love it but . we. Swedish art right now it heads towards more and more abstract. And it's horrible I think. Well you can go to an art gallery and pay money and spend an hour and all you see is a red line that goes from left to right on the canvas and there's a: black dot and it's supposed to express something. I think it's pretty stupid. Yes I think so cos art to me is someone that really can use all the different techniques pencil and charcoal and oil painting everything and then. Make something of it. That have a: people that have a real talent for it. good thank you. 