So you you just want me to to start start talking. immediately yeah well as as I work as a as a courier for coach parties I thought I could just tell you something about that and . one of the countries I go to and that is Scotland. and I'm going there next next Saturday and I: I came to Scotland for my first time last year and I had never been there before and it was it it was really a nice nice impression immediately I like the the country just to to look at the the scenery and see the differences between the lowlands and the highlands really beautiful and I also was very impressed b by the the people. because they're very nice they are in England too but Sco Scottish. People they they seem to be: to be very nice and friendly and when you come when you come to a place they're very interested to to hear about you and to to know who you are and things like that so yeah. normally it's for nine days and we go we go all the way from Sweden so that means we're actually just in Scotland for three days. so that's quite a short trip because it's it's quite a long way from here to to Scotland and sometimes people don't realise that when they buy such a such a trip and they almost get a bit disappointed in the end because it's a bit it's a bit long way to go in the coach instead of flying so but it's . In the coach we go all the way from: from Malmö to through through Denmark through Germany and then Calais Dover and then all the way up and and we visit London for for one night and one evening so that's that's a a bit of a treat really so t to be able to get there as well but Scotland is that's one of my favourite I I also go to Italy a bit but Scotland is one of the favourites yeah . normally we go to to w so we visit we visit one place where we stay all the time and that's a little place this year called and that's sort of in the middle in between Edinburgh and Inverness so that's in the Highlands really and then we go visiting whisky distillery of course. Go to a castle we go to Edinburgh of course and yeah that's basically what we have time with really . . for these Scotland trips normally they are quite middle aged and over not many kids or so but when when I do trips to to London they they could be everything from infants to really really old people. So that's very nice and often the people get very they they get sort of they they become a group really and ye yeah they they get to know each other and they get friendly and mostly most of the times. Sometimes they can be pain so. My duties as a courier to get everything sorted out really to take care of the group take care of the hotel check-in s and to do the guiding serve coffee well everything you can imagine stay with people if they get sick and you have to go to the hospital that's happened sometimes yeah everything you can imagine so that's I enjoy it most of the time because most most of the times people are very friendly and they they really enjoy being on a trip and on such a trip a coach trip because the they they have they know they have bought this kind of trip and they know that it's it's a special type of organisation wh when it's such a like a coach party. Because you you become like a group and it's not like if you go t o with a sh charter charter trip . Cos then you you normally take care of yourself and maybe y you choose to to go with a an organised tour maybe for one day or two days but this is like organised every minute almost. And some people don't like that but they they know that most of the times when they come to the trip. so yeah. so so I do this London tour so so London and Scotland and normally I I do this Italy to the Italian Riviera. And that's very nice get to see the the ocean and that trip is very nice as well because if you compare that to to for instance London London is very organised all the time and lots of guided tours for me to to work with and the Italian trip is better because it's only one one evening that you have to work actually. And that's when we go to Monaco so that's not very well th it's of course you have to work but it it's a very nice trip people like it we go to the casino and things like that and it's beautiful so and the other nights you're free and that's good. So you can: sit next to the ocean with a drink and just enjoy. enjoy life and then you you work all all days of course but not not in the evenings and yeah and I've also done one one trip to Prague do you say that Pray Pray. Prague. And Budapest. And that was a month ago . So I caught a disease that was not very very good but . I'm well now so yeah but oth otherwise I I like those two cities as well they were really beautiful. well that that trip was quite actually it's Prague is not very far away you think that you may think that but it's because we we had this we started in Värmland so that's quite far far away up here in Sweden so we started there and our first night was outside what's it called Name in Germany and then the second day we just had had the trip to to the Czech Czech republic . Czech yeah so it was not really too far away just two days and that's yeah I think that's okay . I've I've got used to to going in in a coach now so. For me it's not a problem. Really but yeah so we had sort of one one evening first in in Prague and then just one day in Prague so that was quite quite a short stay in Prague and then we had first one one evening in in Budapest and then two two whole days so we could see the see the city and do some do some stuff so that's. yeah for the for the season the season starts about April so I did my first trip this year to London just before Easter and then: it's basically who the whole summer till October sometime we we have this kind of autumn holiday here in Sweden. so that's basically that that time in October. so now what happens so I'll be I will go to this London trip on Saturday and that's for seven days come home Midsummer night evening Midsummer evening then I'll have to stay in Malmö because it's there's no time for me to to get back here so I'll have to stay two nights there and then I go Sunday morning for a twelve twelve day trip to Scotland for another company and that's a new thing for me so that's a bit I'm a bit nervous at the moment but I think I'll I'll get that sorted out as well but that's a twelve day trip so it's it's quite a long trip so it's we're going to York and Stratford upon Avon Chester Durham we we are going to s see more because usually I just go that way back to Scotland and back. And we pass these little nice places and I we never have time to go there really. But this time it's it's a longer trip so we have time to to see the cathedrals and to see Stratford and everything so. So that will be nice and then: I I'm back in Malmö for two nights again and then I'm going to do this the the usual Scotland trip that I that I usually do so for my own company or the company I usually work for so that will be a month now I guess that's a bit long time to be away from home but it's it's okay . And then five day five days off here in in Gothenburg and then this Italy thing so yeah. Yeah hopefully I'll I'll earn a lot . That's that's the main main thing it is very nice to to get to to go away on these trips but it's of course you you do it for the the money. It's good money. yeah I think so hopefully this this is probably the the last the last course I will take at the university ever maybe not but that's that's the plan. Because I haven't got any more money to do it and then so I'll I'll work with the trips with the coach trips maybe till September October and then me and another friend friend of mine she's actually a a courier too work for the . Competi yeah competition company and we plan to go to South Africa for a month. If I earn enough money so that will be nice because I have a very good friend in South Africa she comes from South Africa and I met her when I worked as an au pair in London so and we haven't seen each other since then and that was ninety six ninety seven sometime. so that's quite quite a while we've kept in touch but not not really we hav we haven't seen each other so that will be nice hopefully to see and she's going to to show us her South Africa and that will be very very good I think because she she knows all the places and where to go and what to see and. she lives in in the very South almost along the coast and so if you well Cape Town and then then you go you follow the coast just South and it's do you know South Africa. yeah it's its' there's a town called Port Elizabeth. Yeah in the South East and then so almost in the middle of Cape Town and Port Elizabeth she lives there so. We'll hope to to go to Cape Town and Port Elizabeth and to to see the East coast because that's like surfing paradise if you like to go surfing. I I won't but . Just to go there and to get a tan in November that's always nice to get a tan in November . So we'll see we'll see about that and then after that I'll I'll need to to get a job so we'll see what what happens I'm not sure what I want to do really . I trained to become a teacher but I'm not very interested in that at the moment so maybe so some some kind of education perhaps but with maybe older at a company or things like that but we'll we'll see. maybe if if I'm going to work at at a company there will probably the education will probably have to be something in the in the company wh what they do but in English I guess because they they normally want you to to be very very fluent in English and then: so I I I'm not really sure what to what it it could be but we'll see I'm not I'm not very nervous about it because I can always work as a teacher that's no problem. I think I think there will be lots of jobs in teaching so. So we'll see. Yeah so. 