Yeah I can take number two. I can talk about Greece perhaps. Cos I'm impressed about their it's it's just so much it's so confusing to come there as an: Scandinavian you know everyone just drives their cars just you know as they like and it still works. Everything just works . and yeah their I'm impressed about the fact that they have electricity in all . It looks as it does outside. With all the wires and stuff. I was at a small island called Corfu. Yeah. Yeah very many British people there . Yeah. I just I was there on vacation. For a week . no we travelled a lot around on the island and it didn't take much time cos it was so small but . We didn't see many: you know historical sights I don't know if there were any . But we: saw different beaches anyway. yeah. yeah . no I think it's more influen influenced by the fact that it's near Italia. Italy sorry Italy. many Italians there and all the people who live there could speak Italian too. And their Greek was probably influenced by Italian. So they spoke differently. No it was Greek food i where we were because I mean they want to maintain that . Greek theme so that tourists. Will be happy . cos you you want to have Greek food if you go to Greece. Not Italian so. that it's so old. And they were I mean they were very they were great at: things we have never had never heard of here in Scandinavia. I mean in the Stone Age they were way ahead of us. and I think that I would like to go to Athens and see you know Acropolis and . Stuff like that you because it's much older I didn't see very much of Greek culture when I wa when I was there but I di I hadn't you know planned to I. Just to relax. yeah I like I like the food there're many: vegetarian alternatives. Very good. yeah but they have yeah but they have you know the cheese and . Olives and . Salads . No I can't say I did just we met we met a very interesting wi woman at a bus stop. Who who wanted to tell us everything about her son and . H her background and she wanted to she wanted us to stay at her flat in a room. in the capital of the island. But I mean we we already have h had a hotel room so we weren't. Just interested but she she couldn't speak a word of English but she: she so she tried first Greek and then Italian and we understa we understood some of it. And then she showed us lots of pictures and she was amazing. Yeah. She was very old. oh they're much more open. Yeah. They're just I mean i if some if an old lady starts talking to me at the bus stop it's it's usually to ask what time it is or when the bus come comes or: why I think it's late or something like that it's not. The they never talk about their own life. or: or invite people home or anything like that it doesn't happen here. No well it's I I I don't think it's embarrassing if it's an old lady but if it's a young man I I mean I start to wonder why what he's you know loo getting at. so. Well I d I I don't think the Greek men I saw worked in bars and stuff like that but many Italian men were . But of course they were on vacation themselves so it's not so. Strange perhaps. no it would cost about the same as here. but of course the beer was . and the food was a bit a little bit cheaper. But I think it's more it's cheaper there bec than on the big islands because it's n not man not as many tourists there I. Think. yeah we flew. Directly yeah. Yeah it is and it's good that it's the island is so small because then you: have time to go go to all of the different cities or towns. or villages perhaps. Cos one of them one of th one of the towns is famous for their Italian tourists. and one for the[i:i English and or British and one is . One is more Scandinavian. it's called Corfu Corfu. yeah. yeah it's no it's green it's it has a couple of mountains in the middle and a: bit of . Forest. Too and on the west side it's a sandy beach and on the east side it's you know. More stony. s small stones. . No I've seen it now. I'd rather go to another island or perhaps y know to the mainland. . Yeah it is. 