. no not like this. I was a a model for you know the drawing in an art school. Yeah in the nude no clothes . Yeah but it's not like a portrait they sort of I had to stand in different poses. So they could see the anatomy sort of how my. Neck went when I did like this and . Yes cos you have to stand quite s for a quite a long time. And . we. Yeah but it was I dunno I kind of liked it too . Cos it's a very strange experience . . I I a friend of mine went to the school and they wanted to have extra classes at night but they didn't have much money so she asked me if I could like volunteer to be a model just to try it. and then they were very happy with me so they asked the teachers if I couldn't work there. A few times. so I did. Well it's not bad but I I didn't work for it's not like whole days so. and sort of stand there eight hours like a statue <end laughter. But it was okay I just did it sort of as an extra work while I was student so. yeah I d in the breaks I sometimes did and I was like ah. I don't look like that . no not really no. Oh yes but it's also I mean they don't like I said it's not a portrait it's just . It's sort of to express themselves too and to I don't know it's I didn't want to look too much because . No. No. No. no look so much like me no I was just like I don't look like that. But well it was kind of fun I wouldn't do it now though that was years ago so. No nothing. yeah: I read about that the other day in the paper. I think it's terrible because I mean I for me I don't mind because I'm aware that they do it but I think. About young girls like my niece. And she's growing up and I'm like oh and she's always talking about . She's nine I'm like she likes oh. But . she's she tells me I'm going fat I'm like . she's so conscious of what she looks like and I think she's still a child so. I think that affects especially young girls because they want to look like the pictures they see but they're not even. Real. yes. I definitely think so. may be not I think it's more unconscious I mean y you keep seeing these images and everybody. Is so perfect all the time so it's. I think especially yeah especially when you you when you're young. You're like in a bit insure of yourself and you. Yeah they do I don't know why they why they can't have real people like the way they really look I mean . . I don't know sometimes they ha some in some magazines they have like well some companies like Lindex or KappAhl and these places they have people that look more normal. Than I mean if you look in Vogue or something but. But I mean I think the important thing is what they want to sell the clothes and not the person that's. Wearing them. And I mean if I feel that if if they want to make me feel that I want to wear it then I don't look like the model so why. Why would I want to go and buy some flashy thing that they're wearing. I mean it doesn't really sell it's just the glamour part that . I want to be like them but. no no no no not at all . Okay. Thank you. 