yes. the country I visited which impressed me a lot was actually India. Because it was: so totally different from Sweden. and I think that was really interesting because you think usually that most countries they they're more or less like here but it nothing there was like here. And that made quite a big impression I think. on me. the way of thinking of like the priority they have on what things are important it's not at all like here okay some things okay money's im important to have and gives you higher status but like their religion a r religious way of thinking I think. It's so different from here because it takes much larger part in their lives than it does here. because here most people are not very very religious so and there everybody went to their temples or mosques or whatever they had. in the beginning of of course I expected it to be different but not that different. And all these people everywhere I was just amazed that they actually can run the country with all these billion people there. yeah. I it's I don't know if I think it's disturbing it's not the word I would choose it's obvious everywhere. But okay for me as an European person it's disturbing and or I feel so sorry for the people who live on the streets but then y y see how the Indians react they don't care. They aren't like they are not they don't have time to care I think because they are so into thinking about surviving themselves so they don't have time to think about if the neighbours survives too. But they are so concerned with their own family more or less. Everywhere I travelled around for three months . . not everywhere but most places. Kerala. And Rajistan. Kerala because it was so beautiful and and compared to rest of the country relaxed. And I don't know why I just s really liked it for some reason and then I liked Rajistan which is very very different from everything else it's desertlike but it was so colourful. The clothes people wearing they were so colourful and the buildings were like something some kind of fairy tale or something. they're very curious. Especially because I travelled by myself there. And it was like why are you doing this for what reason where is your father your husband or your brother it was like they couldn't understand it. not really actually I actually met other pe female travellers and been having quite bad experiences but I n I I didn't have but I thought a lot about how I dressed and behaved I didn't watch people very much maybe I walked in the street I just. Kept walking straight ahead. And not having eye contact with anyone or wearing sun glasses is quite good way to . but. That's difficult I think but okay I can't give to everybody but if I gave I wanted to give to people who really were like crippled or or lepers or things like that so if I thought that they they can't really have a job or something like that maybe okay I can give to them at least. I usually never gave to children. Cos I think that's wrong you know I could give them food though but. Not money. Yeah. Yeah. yeah I was and I was actually because I was invited to some homes for: just for a chat or a glass of tea or something like that. But you're still a visitor it's you're like and sometimes you could feel that they invited you at home to because they then they could say to their neighbours oh look this is my: European friend or something like that . It was like a s and then they were curious about us and they asked a lot of questions about Sweden and how life is there and if it's a rich country and:. Things like that . I think it made me more broad-minded that yo you get the idea that it's possible to see things: in so many different ways and how shall I explain this but more you're more open to different ideas and ways of thinking I think after that. Because there were so many different ways of thinking only in that country. So you have to change your ways of looking at things all the time so. I think that's is quite good actually. yeah . 