yes. . . . Yeah yeah I visited Berlin this summer. that was interesting I'd never been to Germany before and so I I didn't really know what to expect but cos I I didn't know very much about it at all so I I haven't met mu many German . People so but it was very interesting to see the to not see the wall and . Cos you know we thought there would be traces and and things. But nothing. just yeah all gone and there was a museum at Checkpoint Charlie and that was when we realised all the history and all the the strange situation that city it's it's it's. So it's really hard to understand . All this . we had to talk German to them which was a bit of a problem . but they were friendly most of them . w we didn't really get to talk or they d didn't really talk to us that much . But you know when we came up and asked them things and so they: they they w were friendly and I think also that m many of the g German they'd left town because you know it was one of those thirty-five degree hot summers days so. I think there were quite a lot of tourists in. Town yeah. I cos we d we just decided very qui quickly that we: were going so we hadn't I hadn't really thought that much about it but. but you know the stereotypical German is n not friendly not tourist mind not oh we did actually meet some of those strange you know that mentality especially at a museum where we were s sort of she we weren't allowed to walk around as we wanted to but she she told us to stop and be quiet and she gave us. Those manuals to read. she asked us what's our language and then just to shut up and read basically so and then she talked to the three German tourists. She told them everything and she went on and on and on and we had to stay there and we couldn't move on and then when she finished we had to move to the next room and stay there and you know this heat and so one girl actually fainted so yeah that's yeah she. Was a real German . . No no no no. . Yeah for three or four years. Yeah. yeah. yeah yeah I think that's true yeah . ah they said ah you're from Sweden ah that's a nice country that's. Good but then they didn't s say anything more. About it so I just . oh is it yeah . building places we saw they were building houses everywhere. so I think in about f five or ten years it will be really interesting to see all this new architecture and cos they they build a lot . yeah. yeah. mixed with all this old you know this Communist era: boring big y yeah n big grey areas . Yeah. . . I think it will look good but I'm not sure I'd like to live in it . No it's I think there's too little green areas and too yeah I think you'd feel very small as a person but maybe you get. Used to it maybe you know if you're born in a place like that you wouldn't react like I do cos I'm you know I'm from a very small. town . so . . No I think no in general I don't like when they when they sort of build new houses to look old I think. why . I mean it's better to mix and to . because I haven't experienced it I'm not I'm not sure but I think I I'd very much like to go to: like New York and those places to see it. but again I I don't think I'd like to live in: in that kind of a place. Yeah. . . I saw it in nineteen ninety so they I I don' think there was that much high buildings but I th I liked the: the you know the steel and glass . buildings and . a year almost . I did I yeah . Strangely enough I: I lived in Islington. which was: a nice area it it was you know the houses weren't that big and there were the canal and so of course you know the traffic is completely different and and . you know when my friends came over they said oh it it smells of fumes and does it but again I wouldn't like to live there now but at that point. It was and that's what I wanted then yeah. yeah yeah as an au-pair yeah. I think well I'm not sure but I: spent a lot of time with a friend and their: family and they had three children and you know there was much more you know the children were taken to ballet classes and I think that's more . Typical really. yeah I had just one child to look after and they were you know the family was: well he was an architect and she was an: artist something so I. Think maybe they were a bit unusual. Yeah. . sorry by. No no I don't think she did much painting she I think sh maybe she did when she was younger but now she she didn't but she had . Friends whose paintings hang on the walls . they were different . Some of them were you know people others were mostly colours I liked some of them they were you know nice to look at yeah . . I think I prefer: abstract paintings. but yeah I like some realist I like I think the colours are important to me in a painting and . I look for a a s a sort of feeling in a painting . not necessarily. they could be just that they look good together and m maybe that the painting should. Surprise me a bit you know it's just not just the . What you expect. so. Yeah I just been thinking about that cos I'm thinking what to . painting my my place and. It's it's difficult I like green but not too dark. . y yes or the: hall the kitchen m blue I think . I have a sort of orange yellow now and I'm rather tired of it cos . you know it gets it's always there it you can't get away from it . A little bit yes but not I'm not sure what people would think if they saw my own I mean i if I could go into into a place and just choose you know but I can't do that I have to have this sofa that someone gave me five years ago and you know but yeah then you could could well yeah some some things are. . . . yeah I think I think I do not you know consciously or not but I think it's inevitable to you know. Connect the place where people live . Yeah. . okay. 