Yes thank you. No. I figured that. . Okay yeah. no. . Yeah. All right yeah. Okay . Yeah it's like a fridge in here freezing. Okay. All right. okay. all right. . . Yes that's true. . All right. Very good. well a combination of one and two actually but we can say two. yeah. Yeah. Oh well not not very recently perhaps but. At least it gave m give a left an impression with me so I. like to talk about that. yeah. France. Yeah I was there after graduating from High School I went there to work as an au pair. For a year so I dunno I I I chose France because I really wanted to learn French in a you know the same way that Swedes can learn English. Cos we we hear English all the time and on the radio and TV and I didn't feel the same way about French so I. Thought I'd go there and it's a country where I feel it's pretty different from even if it's a Eu European country I feel it's different from Sweden in many ways because the people is I don't know how to describe them but they're very they're mo more open. I lived in Nice. Côte d'Azur. yeah . so and people there in the Mediterranean the're very open and you know they speak to everyone and they can stop you in the street and just say oh you're so beautiful or . Where do you come from or something. Like that and just stop you like that and that was a: really good experience for me cos before I went there I all my life I've been very very shy so. That was a very good experience for me to to go to a country where people are really really open and I can open up as well cos everybody else was li were like that so. For me that was a good experience and what should I say more and also about the kids that was a good experience for me as well. Au pair so I. Had two kids to take care of and that was a good experience as well cos since I was only eighteen when I went there I didn't have that much experience of life so t t to take care of two children when. you're all hardly able to take care of yourself that's that's something yeah rea that was a good experience really and l to get to know people that close because you you live with people with a family for such a long period of time you you do everything with them so even if when you don't want to see them you can't go away because they're always there. you know. They wake you up in the middle of the night and stuff like that . yeah. It is everything is different I mean the way they interact. You know wh when they speak around dinner. For well first of all dinner is like two or three hours and that's a very important a very important thing for them the dinner. cos that's the time of day when they sit down and talk to each other so so it's they sit down for like two hours or something and and yeah when they interact around the table it's like their pitch of voice is very high it's sounds li. Almost like they're arguing when they're not they are very they do all these gestures with their hands and they talk with all their body and. stuff like that and tha that was different cos they're much more what should I say much more well they say what they wanna say without . Any sort of fingers in between if you know what I mean they they say just they say what they wanna say and Swedes are more like well they try to put it more nicely and. Mo more carefully but French people they they don't they really don't. Well tha yeah they would argue a lot. Over everything but it passed very quickly. That was their way of communicating. There was something that irritated them they just got it out of out of the way and that was it. in the beginning I didn't because you know li as a small Swedish girl. You know shy and well well edu well raised and everything I was just like I've always been taught to keep quiet and let the o other people talk. So and when I didn't know them as well. It was hard to join in but after a while I mean I wa I became a part of the family so after a while I did but it was still very hard it's it's an it's another way of communicating the o Swedish people aren't used to that. if they're not very forward and they're nor normally not so. no so . yeah. well French girls are hard to get in contact with I dunno it's like they're a bit it's hard to get in contact with I I can't js describe exactly why but they're li what is it called in English. yeah suspicious the they're a bit. Suspicious and and they they are like girls a all over the world they talk behind each other's back and it's a bit. They look at you with suspicious eyes and who's she. But if you really I had some friends and if you really get to know them it's it's easier but it was easier to get in contact with guys because I don't know why but they're more open to girls in general. Not that they wanted to hit on you no no not. That all the time but but I don't know they were more open and more curious French girls were more a little bit more suspicious. Yeah all the time. yeah. Yeah. Yeah it was it was it was hard as well because of course it's easier to express oneself in in English or in your own language but I mean no one ever speaks English down there so you couldn't. You couldn't speak English whenever there was something you didn't know how to say so that was a good experience to to have to all the time try. And say everything in French. So yeah. Yeah it was really made a good impression on me. Yeah. yeah I like art in general I've been to. Some art museums abroad and it's really I like it a lot but it should be understandable I I don't like like Picasso pictures where where there's a blur of paint there in in the corner and another blur of paint. D down there and you don't you can't make any sense of it . Yeah. Yeah yeah I do because it means a different a different era and they've got all these different clothes and s it tells you wh e even one single picture or one single person could tell you a lot about that period of time. So yeah that that can be interesting to do. I have done not so much now but I I did when I was younger it was yeah I liked that a lot painted with oil and. Aquarelle. how do you say it . Water-colour. Yeah. . Landscape pictures. Mostly. I like that seas. Yeah. Yeah it can be that's sort of the that's the good thing about it it's it not that easy. you have t yeah you have to work on it really and develop. well rather good but not I could I should have pursued it if I wanted to be really. good but I I didn't. No it's not it isn't. Okay. . Thank you. 