yes. oh. Oh recently well one film that I thought was interesting. It's called Missing. it's about an American couple was to oh: is it Chile Argentina somewhere where the coup is. And then when the the husband disappears. Has to look for him and the relationship between the wife and the father-in-law. Which comes down and he's so religious and everything should be proper and he finds out that. the world isn't really like that. Outside his little world. No it's an old film it's. With Jack Lemon as the father. And Sissy Spacek. Yeah I thought that was good I thought that was interesting to see cos it was kind of reality but. Romanticized. But still with no happy ending . . yeah . Yeah it was it wasn't political it was more emotional. I think. It's a clash between the: generations. one world one way of living clashes and he doesn't like the daughter-in-law. But he grows to like her he understands them more and sees it's not. It's not wrong to do what they are doing. And it's not their fault. that this happened. Cos he blames them. He must ha the son must have done something wrong otherwise he wouldn't be caught. But he hadn't he just happened to be in the wrong place. yes I thought it was moving. I liked the father daughter-in-law. Relationship and the way he struggled. To understand. That's ni. yeah he is very good. yes that was part of it. Cos there ar whenever they were looking for the man who was missing and some. Friends were missing as well. And they went looking and they met military per personnel which said that they were kind of involved but. it was also hush hush so they . I don't know really. The film would be interesting enough to do today where would you put it. . In which country would you u or what country. Would you use. well I tend to like romantic run-away-from-reality films but that. One is the one that kind of impressed me like. Got me thinking. a bit more otherwise you just use films for relaxing. T. My husband comes from Northern Ireland. yes so we've been together for twenty years so. It's kind of tinted my accent. . no I haven't seen. No I haven't. I've only seen what was that called I don't know it was Harrison Ford and Brad Pitt. yeah but that was in America. that was set in America. not that much I've been there a few times. Yes but not recently. Narrow-minded . People yes. well no not all the people no but the older like my husband's parents. They're kind of set in their ways and. It's not it's right or wrong. They don't say that it might not be right or wrong might be. But so it's more it's not as clear-cut as they think. n en it's not a place where I think that I want to gr have my children grow up. no cos I don't want them to be influenced by other people's opinions. I want them to form their own opinions. So I I think it's too either or. they would be so influenced by people they're with. So that's I don't want to raise my children there. Well my husband. Comes from I. I don't know if you know where it is. It's in . it's countr it's kind of it's small you kno it's a it's a mixture between Ljungskile Uddevalla if you know where that. it's not as big as Uddevalla but it's sm aver . so it's a small place so it's like one street and a crossing then you have seen it all more or less. but the I R A they don't notice that much. No they bombed the centre a few years ago. there was a bomb tha that was I think it must be ten years ago. shortly before I was there last time. no it's a mixture. But they live in separate areas. well you can tell that that's Protestant there and Catholics and. It's a the friends I have are from both so I have friends which are married but they're Protestant Catholics. So in the younger generation I think there might be more I don't really know about the older ones. But I think younger ones don't think about it quite as much. They're more. accepting. oh I just read in the it was on the net the agreement they did . But I don't I don't think. I think it's gonna be the same for a very long time. Cos I mean it's old ways and old habits and mistrust and. They don't really trust the other side. And the other side is always the one to blame. No I don't cos we've been studying and all so we haven't been my husband been back. with our children so. Yeah I think he's been away so long so he is not in it any more. So I think he adopted more my my way. he thinks they're a bit small-minded and find it very hard to see that the protestants think that they're better. cos I mean he comes from a Protestant family. So he should be the orange order and. Marching and . . . Yes I'm a teacher upper secondary school. it's nice it's fun. It's I really enjoy it. It's hard work. It's hard work because I have to kind of raise all the children . It's a hundred and fifty kids to try to get to behave like human beings . . well I haven't worked there that long I've only worked four years. but I hear the other ones. the older ones and they think it's harder. Yeah they get more tired. Cos it's no more th there was more discipline or something before that they had the kids had with them when they came. I think so they kind of left it over to school to raise them I dunno. they expect. No I really enjoy it. I do I really enjoy it. But some classes are not as fun as the other ones. no . So take th two out of three are fun. And then. The third one is kind of go through. And enjoy the other ones. . 