actually . yeah. yeah. . Yes. that was. last spring when I was working with my boyfriend in in the U K. We were travelling around and we were working at different pubs and hotels and it was quite interesting to see how the hierarchy of these places works basically. That the boss sort of decides everything and. you have nothing . We basically got sacked three times out of four. . for no reason we we read through these things that you have to read through in order to to get to get a job. and we went for interviews and the interviews were basically just w oo how old are you . and I said how old we were and that was it and and so we thought okay we have a job for at least a few months but it took two or three weeks and then they they sacked us basically. . None at all . We just weren't the right people or something like that. so. maybe cos s my boyfriend at the time he's from from Sri Lanka so he thought maybe they had. Some racist. Thought behind that. which is a bit scary. but. in Croydon in London and in Wimbledon London and where was it then we went up to to Scotland actually to a hotel. Dalwhinnie a small village. Oh in the outskirts of nowhere . Basically it's in the middle of nowhere. it worked out for a month then we went to a brilliant place up up in the North of Scotland LochInver where everybody was really nice. and and friendly . so there it worked out but I learnt a lot from that experience . . . . They were they were nice the customers they really wanted to get to know you and. and gave you nicknames after like two seconds . Yes so that was that was a good part I think. a bit scary as well cos cos people were really alcoholics they came in at like eleven o'clock and had a few pints then went to work then came back had a few more pints and then then back to work so it was. I wasn't. no but I . I had to learn very very quickly. But they they mostly bought pints of different beers so. I remember that Bloody Mary and pff whatever they had but I learnt quickly I had to learn quickly . . . they did yeah but we weren't allowed to have any drinks we we just took money from them or. Or wrote down on a piece of paper like have we got half. A pint or something like that. it w yeah it is I guess but the good thing is that it was a live-in kind of position. So we. We we stayed for free 'n we: had our we ate for free. Not the best meals in the world but still . Exactly lots of chips. but then you know we got paid as well so. I came back to Sweden with with some cash which was which was good. Yeah. Yeah I came straight home then. After that spring adventurous spring . I w. Yeah I I I yeah I think I would recommend it . but I went out thinking oh everybody in the world is so nice and a bit Swedish and naïve. so everybody is not that nice. I've learnt that. No. not not until they sacked us . Basically . . yeah yeah. M maybe one or two days. One gave us like a few hours to pack up and leave. so . And they paid us so. A bit more than they should just to make themselves feel good I think. but so we could stay in the hostel for a few nights and get a new job and . w. We did well cos I had been working at a hostel for quite some time here in Gothenburg. and as in in Cambridge as well. for a while but. a youth hostel. yeah where people come and stay for a few nights so we thought about that but we well we did work in a hotel later wh which was better than the pub . Thing cos that was really greasy and lots of smoke and stuff. . No no no . You do as well yes. Well the shifts were different so: everything from well latest obviously the pub closes at eleven o'clock and. You stay on for an extra half hour or an hour. to clean and stuff. So sometimes you worked all day through from eleven to eleven. With maybe two hours' break . Yes but it was a good experience. . yeah. well they had more whisky in Scotland and. . They did actually yeah. But I didn't I didn't work at a at a pub for s that long in in Scotland so. I saw more the pub life in London and the hotel scene in in Scotland. I was a cleaner and my boyfriend was the the porter. of the. they were they was a five star hotel so so. They were really nice and posh and and tipped us good. so that was interesting. they didn't no they left a bottle of wine once . Which I stole but apart from that not much no. . They were yeah. So. Well th we had like two suites I think and then there were there weren't that many rooms maybe twenty-four in the whole hotel. So there were small and and big ones and but they have their own everything tea trays and TVs and pff little gifts at their gardens. so. yes there were . yes . Oh I can't remember now it was I don't know actually but it was a lot of money. That's all I can say . nice place. . Lochinver. yeah. it's near Ullapool. Yeah north of. Ullapool. . It is a very nice part. yes it was . a bit too interesting. Yeah think I do. Yeah in different places yeah I do I went to one in in you know the what do you call it in in Tjörn the island. just close to here . I don't know what it's called even in not even in Swedish. . the way they paint. Water colours that's it exactly. Yeah so they have some kind of famous Swedish artist painting there. Yeah I think I prefer other pictures though. I think so. I dunno why really. but portrait is like you can take a puff photograph maybe instead of. Painting them. she shu yeah yeah probably true yeah. I'm not sure it depends on the . Maybe if I can do what she does she does in these pictures. to get it look the way I want to. maybe but that's cheating so . . sometimes. yeah. Exactly yeah it depends on: if if you're prepared for the picture. or if you're just . like eating something and chewing away and then somebody takes your picture that's not. The best . I did yeah mostly scenery which is a bit boring now but it was fun when I took them . And cows and sheep and stuff in in Scotland mainly yeah mostly so. not. Much my friends went well th they came to see me on my birthday last year and they took some pictures of me pouring pints and stuff but. I didn't take that m I should have taken more pictures I think. I think so yeah. I think so after a few pints they would have. Been willing . It would have been yes it's one of my hobbies actually photography so I. Should have thought of this but I didn't. Yeah. not really but it's I tend to to do it. it's when you are out there with the camera and you think that oh what a lovely scenery . you just take pictures but I like taking portraits actually. Yeah of friends and family and things but. It's been a long time since I really used this hobby. not at the moment I used to when I was a bit younger I could. but . no. Yeah. Yeah . probably yeah I think so depending on if if you explain to them what you're going to do with the picture and maybe. If you're in a course or something. they might agree I did a course before in photography. like millions of years ago . Ah no maybe seven years ago but then we went out on on town and asked people. and they most of the time they said yes. So. I think they did at the time yes. it's not too late. no no . Ho it's it's a mixture of different cameras put together . I've got my my mother's old camera and I don't even know what it is it's not a famous brand or anything. Exactly yeah so the lens is some some brand and the rest of the camera. I is some other brand. no no it's not at all . I assure you that . Okay. that was quick. 