Yes. I like the Impressionists. And the Pre-Raphaelites. Yes. Why cos it leaves something to my own imagination. I think yeah and that since I'm I listen a lot to music and the Impressionists and the impressionist music and I'd I mean I'd rather. I would prefer it to be able to have music with me I mean I could but I don't have a personal stereo . But when I see pictures at the museum well. that's not always possible. yeah I actually we didn't buy it . but well I have many but there is one I can't remember who did it actually but there is one with oph . Is it no it's it's it's Ophelia when she's drowned it's a Pre-Raphaelite. it's very green . Light green . ah maybe you have it upstairs yes ah it's at the. Is it at the Tate yeah or is it. At th the National. or . Yes it is ah I think it's a very s serious situation. but when I look at the painting I laugh . it's so it seems as if the one who paint I dunno it's it's it seems very it's very detailed. And kind of very beautiful. and s it seems to me it mocks the[i:i the the I dunno it does something like that . Maybe it is because I watch I've I've seen it many times with my boyfriend. Who always laughs . and who's. yeah. I'm not sure . But the Pre-Raphaelites were around in the nine nineteenth mid nineteenth century weren't they so. And it was the Victorian era and: I dunno if I'd lived then I would have liked to. Mock everything I think . there's one th the Lady of Shalott or is that the . She's going out in a boat. yeah we another thing with the Pre-Raphaelites is that they painted nude people. but and I dunno in a way that was allowed I suppose it must have been allowed . yeah. yeah but . They are but I think say well I mean I said I like the Impressionists because it left something to my imagination. Maybe that's why I want to: laugh at them. I want to see some of the some of the sense in it or something else. . yeah. Yeah . yeah but since I do seem to m laugh about it I dunno at I'nt t I haven't thought much about it . . . oh I dunno I dunno the names of them I'm. terrible with names . . I dunno really I don't even know if I'm right when I is Turner Impressionist or do yo what do you call him. I mean he looks very Impressionist to me cos he's. Very blurry . Yeah there's one if I I never mind if it's Impression Impressionist but there's one with a train. Coming and there's a h a hare. At the side of the track. And everything else is really blurry. And I saw that and I read some explanation about it which struck me as very good that the this is like the industrialism coming and the hare is some kind of symbol of: nature and and. Everything else being still very blurry although the train. Is coming. and I liked that very much. Yeah. yeah pff I dunno I don't paint . maybe if I could my father painted a lot when he was young and he. Did stuff that I have at my place that he did he's more . I think inspired by the Surrealists I think yeah drea it was. He painted dreams that he had which were oh god yeah so . I think i I suppose if I would have wanted to paint I would probably have wanted to do it like my father so. Yeah. yes yeah a hobby he had and strangely enough never developed it and . Yeah. I found a a suitcase with a lot of sketches. And it was his sketches and I said why haven't you you know done something about it no: he's d that's I. Think that's one of his big main regrets in life. . Yeah. that's it well yeah thank you I hope you got. 