I'm gonna finish my D level essay and I've studied religion before and I have an essay to finish there as well. so and this autumn I I hopefully I'll start working as a teacher I'm looking for jobs. And I'll do that for a year and then I'll do the year . S so then I'll be a qualified teacher. So: hopefully in two years I'll be a qualified teacher . well because I've done religion and English and I can't really think of anything else that's one reason then I think it's i I think it's interesting. I think I would I think I could be a good teacher. it's nice to: make people interested in what you're interested in yourself I think. and religion you can I think you can have really interesting discussions on religion I'll probably have classes with many different people having different religions. And . yeah yeah exactly upper secondary I think you call it. not college. yeah. yeah okay yeah you know you can discuss ethics and morals and things like that that's what I'm interested in and English and well I think it seems like a nice job and you get holidays and. yeah and I'm quite a good organiser so I think I I can do well no I think it suits me and I'm good I I think I'm quite good with people as well. . Yeah getting getting a bad class and if I if I can't get control of them because that that could happen that you sort of just don't get on with them but I think also when you've worked for a couple of years hopefully you learn things I think the th the trick is not to get upset or angry too easily I mean you shouldn't be nice you shouldn't be too nice and too friendly but you shouldn't be: try to be a sort of ruler or anything either I think something in between is the best whatever that is yeah. Yeah. no nothing my dad's a teacher that's probably why I'm becoming a teacher as well yeah. Hobbies. No no no well yeah studying all the time actually I'm playing the bass. that was quite a long time I haven't played in three years almost but now I've I've I've joined a: blues band. I think they liked me . well and . sorry. where it's a place called Bellevue in Gothenburg . if you know where that is yeah no. No no it's quite nice. No it's a: rehearsal room studio thing. yeah no I think I've I've played with bands before and usually but in this band the the the guy that sort of leads it he writes all the song material. Himself and he really wants to get out and play in clubs and things so I think this this is different. that would be cool to play out. the trouble is I'm quite short and the bass is really big and it's very heavy and so. Yeah . Ah I think bass is the coolest intru instrument and the drums but I can't I can't get a drum kit into my flat it's the bass is easier. No they wouldn't so: no the bass is nice and I think bass players they look cool you know when they have the big bass and yeah. You can sit if you want to and I guess when you play when you play blues it's different I think you can sit if you like but I think I'll stand I do some weight training . no I think I wanted to play more rock music but I played with some rock bands it's difficult because I'm twenty eight and the l the musical level that I'm on usually if you want to join a rock band on the same level it would be sort of teenage guys around fifteen years old so yeah. Yeah exactly I can ask them if they want to join my band yeah no so that's that's one reason but I like blues as well. it's cool and nice yeah. Yeah. Yeah what's what's that Dorian Gray. . . Okay yeah I remember the name. okay I'll read it. yeah. 