Well I would like to talk about France. but especially the island Cors Corsica. . Yeah but it's I want to talk about it because it's so beautiful there. And I went there to see friends but they also had family there and so I was impressed by the landscape and the water and the mountains and the people and also the way they talk. yeah but it's not ea easy to understand it's impossible to understand I speak French but I don't speak the Cors I don't know what the name of it. . no I sp I spoke French because they. Speak French as well as. Yeah. and we went in the mountains and there are lot of mountains with trees they also had snow actually. Yeah. Yes yeah I don't think the snow's so good though but. And this makes me think of snow and I like the the French alps as well. . no I think Ajaccio may might no Calvi is the biggest one I think. But there are only three hun no five hundred thousand people living there all in all I think. yeah exa he came from Ajaccio. I hav I have no be no idea at all. But the landscape is very various a as well. Oh yes they put bombs they bomb houses. Even very popular artists in France who who buy houses there they even bomb them what I heard this was ten years ago. yeah yes yeah . Well I was I was treated very very well I was part of the family basically because my friends I had family there so and they were Corse so. So I was really very well integrated. kind of. no no I wouldn't say it was so different. No what I noticed was it's not easy to have like a handicape handicapped wife. Because one of the uncles his wife was handicapped she was in a wheelchair. And he had to have a lot of muscles to carry her around. Because of all the slopes and. Nothing is nothing is adapted to handicapped people. . I I I don't think so. I I well if they move their arms I've been accused of being that kind of person but that's basically because I have to try to underline what I'm saying. It's not because I'm so very lively. Just wa I want to try to make myself understood. And if the words are not enough you can use your arms. No no we no. I don't think so. They're considered lazy by the French. Corsicans are considered lazy. So there is this prejudice there as well. Between French people. I couldn't tell you because we didn't speak about that. I don't know. . Well we had we we ate good food. Yeah but ba just basi basic French food. Like everyday food not fancy or anything like that. I s I guess it's it's especially the fancy French food that are known is known in in in Europe. Yes I think yeah I think so. Yeah I don't remember I think I've drunken some wine from fro Corsica. . Oh yes very much so . I remember a place called Sartène because especially coast line the west coast line. the eas eastern coast line I haven't seen. I've only seen south of Ajaccio the island is not so big so you could drive around but you have to have a car. . . It's very wild very very. Wild. I think there are they are they say in French I know these two uncles they worked at a electrical company you know. They didn't have much to do I don't know what they did . . I guess so I'm not sure. Everybody seemed just to be free all the time . I was there was it in August. I don't remember. yeah it was hot but not too hot though. It was okay just so yeah . No no no I didn't. no. No they they they did tests though they tried to speak very very quickly in French to see if I understood what they said. and I did. So. Yeah my French is quite good. . Yes I'm actually writing on my D essay now. so. In French. detachment left detachment and right detachment in and it's a grammar thing. Yeah. No no it's also called . Dislocation detachment I think is the word. In in English. It's very complicated actually. 2:. I have done it myself actually. Yes. I was very surprised that I managed to make myself look so much as myself. and other people and I did it in twenty minutes. So very quickly I was in a hurry I wanted to give it to someone . yes I think so yeah. Because I I later on I I put colours on in it. And I didn't make myself beautiful or anything like that. But people: saw something of my character in the picture and I did as well. No I haven't thought about that but I regret giving it away I would like to have had it myself actually. . no . . it depends on what purpose you have with it fro from the beginning. I think most people just want if they go to an artist in the street for instance. to have their portrait done I think they want it to look good and that artist. Artist don't know them either. So it's better maybe to have it done by an somebody who knows you. . yeah well I'v you never think that you r you really goo look so good at the. at the pictures you want to look better . But yeah. I think we're not used to seeing ourselves from all different angles . The when your eyes are looking in all different ways because when you look at yourself in a mirror. it's just in front of you you're in front. Of yourself. Maybe you should have a video-tape of yourself and see yourself moving around. that would be interesting yeah that would be interesting to see yourself talking and stuff like that. Okay. Thank you . .