okay. ooh film play you've seen oh well. we yeah I was thinking about that. I'm not sure it has taught me an important lesson but well it would be. well it's I think it has taught me not to be so shy. For one thing. I think I'm much less shy now when I'm here this. Well I came right into a a family there so it was nice because everybody knew me a little bit and they were they were nice to start with and wanted to make me talk they wanted to get to know me better. and they took me out to parties and well different places so I could meet more people so to get over my shyness. Really. Well that has been discussed a lot I think so . In one way I think they are more outgoing because they they usually talk a lot to strangers or people you sit right next to at a at a party or in a class or something just to be just to be polite and be nice but I don't think they're more . Interested in people genuinely than than Swedes are. They're just brought up to be polite to strangers. I think that's the difference. to get to. Know people yes and I think that's good so it's quite irritating now to go to school with with Swedes I I I find myself mostly talking to people from other nations actually. I have a lot of friends now that are not Swedes I have hardly any Swedish friends at all . . yes and I'm one I was one. yes they really did cos they still think I'm very very extremely sh shy but I think I have changed a lot. And it was very I was very nervous but I you know I realised that nothing nothing bad will happen if I talk to someone. Not even if I say something wrong so it was very nice. Oh I don't know I don't think so at my impression is that everything is focused around work work is very important and you can: almost never take a day off: or go anywhere because you would lose opportunities to: to get a better situation in in work-wise . yeah sort of. It it's it's too important if I compare to Sweden here we have a lot of vacation for example and we have you know we can be home with our. Children if we need to and if we are if we get sick it's not the end of the world we can stay home for a few weeks but I think if you get sick in the United States it's a big problem because oh: the boss will get mad and I will lose my job if I'm sick too much too often that kind of thing. No I think they're wrong. I think I think we are right over here. it's better for for the for the bosses for the for the people you're working . For . I think so. From what I've seen I it seems . equal. oh well I guess I've seen the people I've met are career people mostly but I think I've I've heard at least that you can't stay at home you can't both work and stay at home some of the time you kind of have to choose. And if you already have a job and have to stay home for a year or so then then: maybe you can't go back because you've lost it. lost your job. You have to start over again it seems more problematic. maybe it's still that the the mother raises the children that kind of thing. I think the situation. oh I've seen I've met I've met two parents that are just the the most wonderful parents I've ever seen I was so impressed <end. Enthusiastic tone> they have two one little baby and one little kid and th they just never they were just so amazing they'd never get angry but they still make them do exactly what they want and behave: very. Well so I don't know how they do it . no no no. no I don't think I've ever seen that at all should I is that. The:[i:i . I'm not sure. . I like that it's very big so you can you can drive around it for weeks and still see new things and it's so diverse. It's very different in different places. And also the people that's one thing that Swedes don't really know the they they can ask me about Americans how they are just like you did now. And it it depends on where they live actually their so di their. Lifestyles are so different and the way they think. Is different. well. Yeah you can over there you can I think you're more free to: to try and get the lifestyle that you want. But you're sort of free to: not to succeed . it's ve the: no one will help you if if you fail so it's more up to you. If if you succeed or not. . that's a hard question I don't I don't think so . I haven't seen anything indicating it. there are big differences and I have I've seen them everywhere but I haven't seen really any any bad attitude for example in D C you pass: some some people sleeping on on the ground every day and they at the metro stops they they ask you for money. But I've never seen any American getting irritated at them or or you know lo look around and stare at them or. Saying anything so. yeah every now and then someone stops to . Give them something. I've s eh. I think I would be a little homesick but I think I know the place pretty well now so I I would try not to get irritated at at the differences I think I think I mean there are just as many things that I like. So I that w I think I would try I would like to try to do that for a for a few years maybe. oh well it it's mostly what I meant and they: they j they didn't seem to try to understand if I sai if I used a word that was not the exact one that they wanted to hear they they were not very helpful at all so that's one thing and and they didn't try to . they d they didn't seem to like their job and that's I've seen that in a lot of places there . I thi no my my American boyfriend he has the same problem when he. he tries to go around and and get things done. paperwork and stuff like that I don't think he: he gets. S so annoyed because he's so used to it. But I am used to things being done properly right away . . well I'm not sure I think it's it's it's both I can't really decide what people around me think. I well I think Sweden as a as a culture likes America and America American culture. And they want to to to have a lot of American TV and entertainment and things like that but at the same time I think most people have a bad impression of Americans of the of the individuals. strange. I haven't thought about it that way. no: I don't think so. I I think they see: they see a lot of the bad things from the media for example so they: they all think that all Americans have guns and they they shoot as soon as they get irritated they sh they shoot someone and . They they talk too much and too loud. So that kind of stereotypes and they they: or we: just don't like that. Yes but it has changed both ways I b I like some things more and some things less and I think I've tri I've . I've realised that you can't love a country or hate a country. Cos there are always there are always things that are bad and things that are good and you have to see the difference. So I think I've matured . . yes it's very of c oh I say of course but I like the more traditional ones. Where you can actually see what it is. Like them more but it's very interesting to go to a modern to places where they show modern art too cos it's so much fun. well it's fun because especially if you bring a friend and you walk around and you try to give a name to the different things. And try to: find out what what the painter was thinking about a and it's really a lot of fun. Because often it's not at all what you don't get the real name. you don't even get close to the real name of the painting but but in that way you can you remember the things that you've seen. And you enjoy it instead of just walking around and saying oh that's horrible and that's ugly and that's kind of nice it's that is boring. . no: no it it's just it's just fun to look at once in a while. See what has happened in the world of arts. But I don't really think that it's beautiful so I. I would like beautiful things on my walls. yeah. They have a lot of museums on the mall there the big mall. I've been there but they're so they're so hug and so many floors that I don't really remember. What I've seen even though . . Yeah twice . I w I don't think I was impressed because I've seen it on pictures before so it wasn't wasn't strange to me but I'm I feel sorry for the people living there because it's so I mean the sun doesn't reach down to the. To the ground and you walk between these huge buildings and it's all dark and chilly and cold. It was I was there in the winter though so that explains it but . it's s it's so depressing I think it's depressing even though it's very . Impressing too poe the fact the fact that you can actually construct these things. but I didn't like it. Yes in a way but it's it's kind of you know cold power it's. Impersonal. No . Maybe . no. It's nice f for a monument or two. but not no I don't understand how they can live there. Poor people. in Washington n n no building can be higher than the Washington Monument I think. so the the city itself is very low. And I think that's that's much better than New York. they ha th their monuments and buildings are very very big and very wide and very white. but they're not very tall. . I think so I don't exactly remember the story behind it. But it's the: Washington Monument that is the the . Big thing . Yes but the White House is so small . It's so small yes. funny. How small it seems when you you're standing there. but it's nice. Yes . It's cute . . thank you. 