No a sister. Yeah. no. not that much but we are not very different we are very similar and yeah wi it's not like we are two parts of one thing but we are together it's almost the same together we sort of are more complete. So. . Yeah. Yeah I do. I can understand or sort of feel what she thinks and whether she's upset or something I can understand why and I relate to that. maybe she's more active than me but in other areas I'm. More active and she's not so we sort of compare no not compare what is it called oh I dunno. Yeah yeah. Yeah. I don't think it's difficult at all and not our: friends and. people who know us but the teachers and other people think it's very difficult because we have the same voice and well yeah we look the same. . no no no. No we don't because we don't like being d compared to one or being. One person but so we have we never use the same clothes and anything because . No no. mm: yeah yeah comparing to my other to my brother. We don't have the same contact at all because no it's better with my sister. yeah yeah much closer with her than with my brother. . they have treated us just well I can't compare because I don't know how they would have treated me if I was on my own not with my sister. So I can't compare but I think they have treated us like almost like if w if we would be just two sisters and not twins. I hope they have but I'm not sh sure. But I think so. Oh right. Okay. Yeah. No I think it can be true. But maybe it's it's it can be a bit you know you can question it because if they are raised in two different cities two different countries how can they be the same but you know genes genetics. yeah. . no. Well the: genetic is but they are important of course but the environment I think it impacts and changes the person as well. So I don't know if it's if they just made it up or not. . Yeah. . yeah I know but I don't cl think they should be doing that because that's too: risky. To make copies I don't thi see why it's necessary and well I suppose medical reasons or something but no I don't think they should be you know doing that. yeah. Yeah we are and I mean it's although we are we were born at the same time and sort of conceived exactly the same time but still I don't think that you should do it with sheep. And just to make an exact copy I think that's . Dangerous or something. Yeah. I dunno it would be nice. because when when we: a i are in the same picture like a photo it's nice to compare. Because I'll always I always see her like I can't see myself next to her if it's not in the picture so pictures can be really nice to: study you say oh I do look. The the same or something ah so well a painting would be. Nice. . . No I think it's nice. Because no I dea I never had any: you know irrita I've never been irritated about it so no I think it's nice I mean we're not j identical you know that you can't see differences between us but it's nice to have yeah to to look like someone else and to be similar to your parents and you know. So it's nice. Y yeah . Yeah . not very no but she dresses the more well how do you say nice I mean I wear baggy clothes and skateboard shoes and everything and she's m more you know jeans and sweater. But dunno. More and more apart I think. Yeah. Well if we we st study different things and we have sort of made our own choices whether she studies something else and I study English and so you sort of move choose chosen your w way to go in life and she's not there she does something else. so so yeah I think we grow apart but not you know very. Distant so. No. yeah. yeah . no no . yeah no I don't know why people ar ask me whether I want to marry another twin but I say no never I don't know why but. yeah . . all right. Oh. 