Yes. well it's about two years ago I was an I was an au-pair in the United States. And well I I was very excited about the trip and cos it was the first thing I did alone. And I had never really been away from my parents or my family before so I was quite nervous and . actually the second day I was there I Co went to Colorado. So I was not used to the altitude . it was k kind of well I Denver is about a mile h high so. So it's actually the second day it was very hot and w well I had been in the sun all day watching a soccer game. And I had I didn't have anything to eat or drink. So I was and one of the and I just I just fell like my head was kind of drifting away . So I I started leaning on the counter and I just the last thing I realized was I fell to the floor and I I passed out so. but I actually I hit my head on the floor when I fell so I heard my host mum shout oh my god she passed out . So that was that was my kind of first experience so. Yeah it was. Yeah I was I was okay it was just that I had it was probably being at so high up in the . It's well not the mountains but it's almost the mountains in the Rocky Mountains so. and not drinking anything I thought. I was I thought I was okay but no I just got a a small bump in my head and . So that was okay . actually: somewhere in between Denver and Boulder. so well Boulder is I don't know how many people live in Boulder but it's more a it's a very laid-back place and well what can you say it's close to the nature kind of. it's a: very comfortable place to be at so. oh not no not really it's actually Boulder is I would say they're more it's they have a pretty big university. So it's a lot of students living there and I would say there is about if I'm not mistaken about thirty or forty thousand who goes to the university in Boulder. so it's a well people from everywhere and I think it's Boulder used to be kind of open-minded towards drugs and. So I mean you can see things that still look look like that but. otherwise it's a it's well it's a very beautiful place I mean. It's almost it's close to the mountains and so but it's well not the Wild West but it's . It's very much like close to nature and everyone is very athletic. Runs and goes biking in the mountains and so that was very fun. well my let's see my host dad was from Turkey. And my host mum was American so they met in the navy. so they're very loud . Extremely loud so but he very I was au pair number six or seven I think. So and they had two girls which were six and nine so the youngest had had an au pair since she was born pretty much. And well they were they or I mean they are very fun. to to be around and they make you feel like you're a part of the family. And well they just made it very easy for me to to adapt to everything and well when I compare my family to to my friend's that I met over there it seems like I had the best one. I cos they were just easy-going and. always including me in everything that they were doing and never made me work extremely late or long hours or anything like that so. Were the children well-behaved. Yes they were. They were also very loud but they were they're quite different I mean the youngest one was she's very affectionate and she can she was probably faster than the o other one to get attached to me. and the older one was well nine at the time and she was a bit more like a b boy-girl. Kind of so she was but she was actually the one at the end who had the hardest time when I was going home. So it took her probably more time to get attached but no they are fantastic girls so. Yeah I do we have since the day I went home we e-mail every day. Pretty much so actually well two three times a week maybe so and I'm going there at the end of June. this summer so. Yeah I think so so . . 