Yes. Chile. I went to Folkhighschool in Gävle. or and included in that course was a trip to Chile. For three months so we had to study before going. And then we tried to study while we were there and then afterwards. We sort of summed it all up. a little. And democracy issues and. Was a s sort of political school. We went to: Santiago first and then to the south. And to Temuco. And we stayed with a a family which was half Indian. and we went to the north as well don't remember the name of the city. And so we saw a little bit of. Yes. No well some organisations as well. And . That was very different. and fantastic in a sort of way. cos their standards were very low. They had plastic instead of windows and. no floors and no running water and no toilets and stuff so. You had to adjust yourself to the. Were you able to talk to them discuss things. yes. Yes sort of . Well we talked about our families how we lived. back home in Sweden and the differences and talked about their children and. What we did there about our school. I liked being: in the countryside. because people there were very the nn they had a big hospitality. in the cities they sort of tried to to cheat you or fool you . Yes. they wanted your money and well no everyone they they wanted to be your friend and then they wanted your cameras and stuff. So. Yes. the fall of the dictatorship. so. yes so we were supposed to study how the young people adjusted themselves to the new society if they dared speak about their. opinions and. well. A bit. Well they dared to talk about political stuff in cafés and restaurants and. But they were still very what to say . on their guard s. And there were demonstrations and things and. The police came and they had weapons and there were still a lot of political prisoners and so. Not completely not in the middle of the demonstration. So we sort of moved out a bit. Yes well taking pictures and. yes in climate of course. north was more like a desert south was. More like Sweden. And the people we met were more into Pinochet's area in the north. Yes. I've no idea s could have been a coincidence . cos we stayed with a a lady and she she thought that poor people were lazy and. That if we said that they weren't we should go to Cuba instead. Of being there so . she could have been. Well it's really like I think Chile is very much two camps of people. Either you're you like Pinochet or you're a communist sort of way. Or a socialist rather. So if you don't like Pinochet you're a socialist which means that a lot of people are socialists of course. Cos it's a I think it's a very narrow area to. Yes I think so. Yes. Not really theatres. but we listened to music like street musicians and. lots of. pa panflutes I dunno. not very . Well no not very . Oh well some dishes were different but I'm a vegetarian so I had to pick. Very few. cos most of the food had meat or. Chicken or. No not very. Ooh this is fifteen years ago . I I don't know. I suppose they drank. Wine or beer no I'm not. Water mineral water and I do I'm not sure. The water was not very bad though the tap very the tap water was. in Santiago was the kind you got sick from. we wrote some letters. And sent some photos to the family we stayed with. otherwise no. oh really yes we stayed for such a long time three months. So it's my biggest trip I've ever made. I think the hospitality of the poor people in the countryside. They lived in in almost nothing and still they wanted us to come in for a cup of tea . They didn't know us or anything just waved their arms and shouted and said. Come in for a cup of tea. Yes . Yes it's nice with lots. Of sugar. And you drink it from a a metal straw. with little holes in them. And you pass it around. well I if I had the money. And if I could bring my family. And if I could see this family we stayed with would wou this would be nice. Yeah maybe. Okay. 