Where Goteborg is that's a triangle in the middle of it. Past the airport and out. It is. . well any actually anyone doesn't really matter I suppose. country I visited which have im which has impressed you. It would be Israel. I've been there twice never for very long but I've known quite a few Israelis by the side. And wh what I find interesting is that you actually can get a place to work under the conditions that they have with people coming from all. Over the place with just so many different traditions. and so many different views on what society is. and what should be working and what should be public and what should be private and of course the continual stress of political. Enemies all around. War. having to put so much effort into military or defence issues. Instead of building society do you remember the television series Golda. when Golda Meir got her first ministerial post. As something like ministry of interior or something like that. In building. And she went out to a building place and this man in charge of the police said oh I have problems I have people from sixteen different nations working here and I only speak eleven languages. and also a a country with so much religious fanaticism within its borders. And not just within one religion but within three. Well three main religions and really the fanatics are th there. From all the religions. From the Christian side in the in the book of Revelation there is a description of the two prophets in the end time. well at any given moment in time you can find at least three of those in Jerusalem. . Yes. It's well of course that depends to some extent on where you end up but . The main definitely is Jewish . well it's a kind of th th the Jewishness that is expressed. is one that would not have been recognised in Europe prior to World War Two because it's it's a very proud Jewishness it's they're. Very high self estimate and asserting themselves. At every opportunity. . uh unless this is a counter-discourse of it . no it's not their they they would never agree to being what's the word put into ghettoised or. ghetto again now they now they would fight before they would agree to. Yes did you know the they actually have railroads in Israel. Did you know that. Railroads. Built by the British you know in in in in in in other countries it says. Please don't bend out of the window. in Israel it says please don't pick flowers by the side of the tracks. and there's a story going round that this Jewish woman that got tired of life and decided to kill herself. So she went out to the tracks and put her head on on the rail. It worked she started it . s that kind of humour. They got a lot of . yes yes yes. that as soon as you have two Jews in the same room you have at least three viewpoints. I suppose but well I'm not certain though because the country's been. In existence since forty-eight as a nation and and the immigration was. Different from a lot of other immigration because usually the people emigrated. To America when they're twenty or thirty years olds but in to Israel whole. Families of whole. Whole villages. emigrated so you you actually you had pen pensioners coming. to settle which of course not to the same extent as the younger people but that's not really a normal immigrant situation. and now it's been in existence for so long so they're on their third or fourth. generation. So b but I find it inter interesting that they actually cou can get the society working. at all of course they're you don't have to be there very long to see problems. I I don't have an idealised view picture of but I'm amazed that it's. working . yes . I I'm not really good at knowing I don't know a lot about it. I find that I: look more and more. At it. I used to be very very interested in the[i:i when it was a very good representation almost. Photographic but I find I'm. Moved away from that. one painting that is interesting me is in the art museum here in Gothenburg Hipp Hipp Hurra by Krøyer. and and what really interests me they they it's it's a party out in a garden. Or party th they're having breakfast or something . A group of friends and they're raising the glasses to celebrate a cheer and . What really interests me you go up and look at those glasses there's nothing there on the canvas. when you stand back you see the glass perfectly well and when you come close there's nothing there. so it's: it is almost illusionistic trick the glass is and you see it. Every so often. Yeah just a dab of white and you see something completely different. That interests me. it's very interesting when me and my wife goes looks at paintings together we never agree on anything. . not very much but we we've been amazed a couple of times . . u unless it's something by someone I know. And then it really doesn't matter what it is. no doesn't really matter if it's a landscape or a portrait or a: or a still-life or whatever. I want it to be I have we have one which is a picture of a farm: in a haze: . And it's very sketchy. Which makes that every time you look at it y you look at it according to whach which mood mood you're in at the time. It's just like music some music kind of: adapts to yourself and and some music you're well it only functions as dance music and nothing but . I'm I'm not like that . S so I can't really say I like this art or that art because it's. Some sometimes when you look at a picture there's something in it that interests me. And what in n n th the ones I like most are the ones when I really can't decide what is it. It's the same with books actually. No well there was so much else to do . I both times I were there I was there at a big conference and I was interpreting so I had quite a lot to do. So a fortnight there I was spent about a week in a: interpreter's booth. Four times so. . No but it's more according to the area of course in Jerusalem everything. Is built in this golden stone this Jerusalem stone. Yeah in the old city especially it has to be built. In this stone. Well it's yeah in a kinda golden hue in the right light. no I I didn't recognise that it's particular Jewish style I I it's more like Eastern style. I suppose if: you look really looked upon it. You could discern something like that but I didn't. Perceive it. 's far as I know I never heard about such a thing as Jewish arch. yes they're they're very functional. They're very diplomatic in. Everything. the synagogues they have a few things in common but there are not very many churches are much more alike than synagogues are. No I've never been inside. Oh yes. yeah you can go in enter any synagogue you want to as long as. You apply to the customs of the place. put your on when you go in there. I had a friend down there he he decided to buy a is what you wear the day you're married . well something I found that I really liked is their bakery. yes they've brought the best: from especially Eastern and Central Europe down there. Yeah but it d they just brought it from all over the world. it's not especially Jewish. But since they've lived all over the place and everyone liked spe. Specific things of course they've brought. The best of the lot . so you have the mix of well if you go down to Austria or Southern Germany you and look at all. These tarts and so on you'll find all. . Okay. my pleasure. Well. 