. okay. Okay. right. Okay. okay I'll choose topic number one an experience: I've had which taught me an important lesson. That would be definitely my Up with people experience I don't know if you [know about the organisation. travelled for a year in the U S Canada and Western Europe. And of course there was a lot of singing and acting and a lot of. Travelling. And I learned a lot about the stage experience the performing the technical aspects of it but I think the thing that I usually bring up when I talk about it is learning to: to take something out of every moment in my life that it's not . being at an expensive restaurant in Paris that is: important but it's rather what I what I make of it. What that I you have to: see: the positive aspects of everything every experience. what else can I say I guess that I learned that from from being with a lot of different kinds of people who were sometimes difficult. and there was a lot of hard work and sometimes just wanting to get out of there and go back home but sticking with it and trying to see: what I could learn from it. And also staying with different families we stayed in host families and some of those experiences were pretty difficult. And I just had to sort of be able to laugh at the difficult situations be able to to see it a as something interesting: or something that was difficult and maybe: very: uncomfortable at the time but a few years down the road I'm able to laugh at it I'm able to to tell people about it and it makes. A good story. yes we were we were a pretty small group in fact that was more than one hundred persons. And twenty of those were staff . responsible for. I went to see a show . A job I actually paid to get to do it but I went to see a show here in Sweden and after the show we got the opportunity to make an. Interview. To in order for them to see: if I would be suitable and then: I'd get some. Forms some papers to fill out to show my motivation and my . Qualities. yes. well actually not everybody has to be able. To perform. I: sing and I cou I could participate in that aspect of it a lot . But we also have of course other sort of performers and also the marketing. part of it has to be done there are people that are mainly interested in marketing mainly interested in the intercultural part of it. It's called actually it is an educational programme and that has to do with not. Only being educated and performing perf form ming arts but also to learn about other cultures and to:. Learn to be: active and. and take initiative. Yes:. Yes:. There are always people going travelling ahead to a city in order to get host families. And in order to get sponsors and make sure that all the facilities are in order. . Between: between two nights and seven nights I would say. the average stay was two or three. Three nights I would. Think. Yeah . Yes . Hard to get back to . Ooh I'd love to . yes I miss all that. no but. Perhaps I wouldn't want to do it in this extreme kind of situation. cos it was: very strenuous: was both psychologically and and physically. it was working days from seven to one at nights. Yeah. well not every day but if there was a show day. We'd have to set up. The stage. everything. yeah. Do all of that. well now all the singing I do would be in a choir a student choir. And besides that I: paint also a lot so that was my my childhood career dream to be an artist. yes. But I. becoming a teacher I think. no but I it seems to me that being an artist I would study: maybe five years. and then: I would still get to work I dunno in a in a restaurant or . or . I mean there are very few artists who can: can support themselves wholly. through their true job through their profession. so. yeah. I. Yes. I just I think I can I just want to be able to do everything. not just pick a job and then stick with that and never do. Anything else so I'd like to do . Everything. Yeah. do we need to fill it out with. with some small talk. Things I'm interested in. French . also. so I've studied a couple of semesters of French also. And that's what I think I'll be doing teaching French English at high school. . yes I would think. That's not a given I I'm pretty: flexible and I can: do. whatever I think. Wherever life takes me. no. I decided just a year ago that that's what I'll do. So. I just started taking the courses and then. yes that's true. . I'm pretty excited about that I think. about working with young people and: just. Staying in touch with that and not I dunno year by year just growing further and further away from from where I once was when I wh when I was a teenager I don't want to forget what it was like to be that young just to still have that. the contact with younger people. yes I do that too me and my boyfriend we write music. we:. I don't know how to characterise it's: sort of pop music perhaps: just. he sing and plays the guitar we have a a keyboard with lots of different sounds in it . Sort of make. Yeah. yes we've step by step just trying to: to learn how to do it and and just for fun. Now and see how how far I get with with recording and every . Everything. Yeah. yeah. 