Where Goteborg is that's a triangle in the middle of it. Past the airport and out. It is. . well any actually anyone doesn't really matter I suppose. country I visited which have im which has impressed you. It would be Israel. I've been there twice never for very long but I've known quite a few Israelis by the side. And wh what I find interesting is that you actually can get a place to work under the conditions that they have with people coming from all. Over the place with just so many different traditions. and so many different views on what society is. and what should be working and what should be public and what should be private and of course the continual stress of political. Enemies all around. War. having to put so much effort into military or defence issues. Instead of building society do you remember the television series Golda. when Golda Meir got her first ministerial post. As something like ministry of interior or something like that. In building. And she went out to a building place and this man in charge of the police said oh I have problems I have people from sixteen different nations working here and I only speak eleven languages. and also a a country with so much religious fanaticism within its borders. And not just within one religion but within three. Well three main religions and really the fanatics are th there. From all the religions. From the Christian side in the in the book of Revelation there is a description of the two prophets in the end time. well at any given moment in time you can find at least three of those in Jerusalem. . Yes. It's well of course that depends to some extent on where you end up but . The main definitely is Jewish . well it's a kind of th th the Jewishness that is expressed. is one that would not have been recognised in Europe prior to World War Two because it's it's a very proud Jewishness it's they're. Very high self estimate and asserting themselves. At every opportunity. . uh unless this is a counter-discourse of it . no it's not their they they would never agree to being what's the word put into ghettoised or. ghetto again now they now they would fight before they would agree to. Yes did you know the they actually have railroads in Israel. Did you know that. Railroads. Built by the British you know in in in in in in other countries it says. Please don't bend out of the window. in Israel it says please don't pick flowers by the side of the tracks. and there's a story going round that this Jewish woman that got tired of life and decided to kill herself. So she went out to the tracks and put her head on on the rail. It worked she started it . s that kind of humour. They got a lot of . yes yes yes. that as soon as you have two Jews in the same room you have at least three viewpoints. I suppose but well I'm not certain though because the country's been. In existence since forty-eight as a nation and and the immigration was. Different from a lot of other immigration because usually the people emigrated. To America when they're twenty or thirty years olds but in to Israel whole. Families of whole. Whole villages. emigrated so you you actually you had pen pensioners coming. to settle which of course not to the same extent as the younger people but that's not really a normal immigrant situation. and now it's been in existence for so long so they're on their third or fourth. generation. So b but I find it inter interesting that they actually cou can get the society working. at all of course they're you don't have to be there very long to see problems. I I don't have an idealised view picture of but I'm amazed that it's. working . 