Okay. Norway. I would say it's the most beautiful country in the world. We've been there ever since I was a little kid because my grandfather is from a town called Otta. way up in Norway and we used to visit his home place every summer. No: no no but I understand it. Yeah it's a little bi bit more: hard to understand than if you go to Oslo. Oslo is more like Swedish. rural . Yeah. It's a small it's not the city it's more like a village a small village in the valley. But. I've never been there for a winter. Yeah. And the mountains are pretty high and yo you only have to drive for one hour to go skiing in the middle of the summer. . it's hard to for me to have an opinion on that. No there are just streams running by so no fishing they can live on . I think. No ah I guess they have common jobs like welders and. Stuff. the largest city: is what's it called Lillehammer. . ten miles you don't say miles . Swedish miles. . living i in a small cabin and no running water and . Toilets and stuff. yeah. Yeah it's well it was very popular about ten years ago my grandfather's brother he owned a camp site. and it was stuffed every. Ay he died and no one carried on. And still he he's been dead for about fifteen years and they're still calling. To check if they have opened again. not up there maybe to move to Oslo . something maybe. it's hard to say but maybe: I have want to keep the good memories and. Of the summer. Yeah it's very: expensive. Yeah it's because they have a lot of cash . From the oil and they don't know what to do and. I would say it's pretty much as in Sweden. That's it's hard to say. no only my grandfather. And so my mother is half Norwegian. Oh I I I'm pretty: I like to be: some part Norwegian. When I'm. Playing football it's it's my left leg. . yeah if you meet Norwegians for example on in Greece or some place. they seem a little bit crazy . . Nah no I can't say that they are different. . they have. They have the same attitude against Swedes like Swedes have for Norwegians the same jokes. But the other way around. No I don't think so. No I haven't been there for five years now. So maybe I talk to: my cousins about a road trip for a week or two in the summer. Ah you drive there: over a day. yeah but ah about ten hundred Swedish miles. From where I come from . On the East Coast. Maybe. . It's not often I: go to a gallery or to check the art but I like paintings in which you can see: what's painted . Like Zorn and . such paintings. not what's his name . Cubism . Yeah. I can't see why you want to hang up a painting like that. on the wall. . No. No it's funny because me and my friends we we our maybe we are about seven or eight people who hanged with each other for many years. And not a single . Picture of anything. no. Like the: nothing exist. yeah. Yeah I do but I don't know why but there's never been a camera in my pocket. Yeah. 