Yeah. I did the B course level at the university in Brighton. . Yeah. it was it was good most of the time but I got a little bit bored cos Brighton is quite small when you spend s. Like three months that's enough. But it was nice. It was first I moved away from home but now I'm back again but it was nice like. To feel the difference and to take my responsibility. . Yeah and longer t a longer time. I've been away like two months or something before but never . No w friends I met them there Swedes. And we e-mailed before so . Yeah or a house . Yes it was a little bit shabby but . It was nice. It was nice to live with people of the same age. I liked the weather it was nice and it was. Warmer than it's here at this. Time of the year and it was nice that you could go to the store or downtown and you didn't have to wear that much clothes all the time. I disliked that it was quite small . Yeah and . I didn't like when all the tourists came. But I 2:. There were a lot like fifteen-year-olds on a language course. and they don't really behave that well when they're outside their. Parents' supervision. . It was it was kind of it was pretty easy to li meet English people but since I lived with fi we were five Swedish girls it was . Pretty much Swedes. and then when s one of the girls got an English boyfriend. She spent a lot of time with him and then his friends started coming over so. then. No I don't think so not really but like sw think that Swedes react to like filth and stuff like that. When it's garbage lying on the streets and stuff they don't. See that since it's normal. But on the other hand we don't see what's normal in Sweden. So. Well one example per perhaps not very good but . They were well very open to li drugs and stuff like that. Yeah. And in general and when you went out to a club yo you could see that most people were high . And you don't see that in Sweden at all. very yeah it was always someone coming up and offering you stuff so. really easy and cheap I suppose but in Sweden it's very forbidden you don't talk. About it and I d you don't see it that much I don't think so. So that was a shocker. no we we met them like casually perhaps like I did I joined a: kick-boxing club cos I've done. Kick-boxing at home so I like that. And then I met a lot of people there who I talked to. But otherwise you don y that was a bit the downside cos we spent all the time in Swedish class with English teachers but. Still in a Swedish class so I m everyone spoke Swedish to each other. And we didn't really get to know any other students it would have been good. If we d had been like integrated into another program or something. . no: actually the world champion was my teacher training . No it was Jim his name was Jim. but I don't I think it's quite common. nowadays and it isn't as bad as it sounds. But it isn't like you don't. Fight that much it's very much technique and stuff like that instead. But it's very fun it's very all round get a lot of like condition and like working-out strength. balance. I like it. that's the best part. Yeah well we're not allowed to kick to: the head in England we were in Sweden. but we didn't really do that . . Yeah but when you are like spiring. You try to: have some control and not really hurt the other person. I have once I get gave my best friend a black eye. No with my hand. still kind of embarrassing when everyone came up and asked what h what had happened and she was . . . think I haven't done like that kind of just I've just done it for fun so I don't know really. But I think it's pretty much like boxing. You get points for head and. If it's allowed and then like stomach I think. no. No but you have li you have gloves. so you can't. I think they do have covers in certain like if it's allowed to kick to the head and stuff like that. then you have co padding and stuff. Like that I don't know I don't think it's normal procedure to have that. But I'm not sure I could handle myself if it happens anyway because that is under certain like circumstances when I know that I'm in a control. like if I'm walking in the middle of li the town and it's. Nice and perhaps I've had a few drinks I'm not wearing proper shoes. then it isn't that easy to defend myself anyway. But I might get a little bit more like co confidence so and I don't. Think if you are confident it's easy to: just walk past people like yelling stiff a at yelling stuff. So I don't think you are as much as aski i isn't the risk isn't the side of getting like in trouble. I'm not sure. no. no but I'm I never I'm not that violent. So I I I I and I never I never ever like get into trouble with people people are. Usually nice to me. My sister everyone is always rude to her but . I think everyone is nice to me. No but she's quite rude so I think it has to do with that . . more girls in Sweden. proportionally but I th I'd say it was like forty percent or something in Brighton in the club. I don't know it might have peaked already because there're a lot of fighting sports available. and . But it's one of them and I think it's. Going quite well for them. Don't think so don't know. But I don't think so. . yeah but it's not the same when you're not a professional so. so. yeah. Yeah like boxing I think it's li really stupid to go out there and try to hit someone in the head and li cause that person to: faint or something. it's it's extremely stupid to do that. but I wouldn't ever want to do that I wouldn't like try to become professional or anything I just want to do it. Because I think it's fun and it's good exercise and . I think it's Thai boxing so it's well it's kind of a mix-up it's m mix between boxing or normal American boxing I suppose. And Chinese or Thai. Yeah it's boxing with kicks. . I'm not doing it any more but I want to start. Now again. yeah. 2:. . 