well I've been thinking about it sort of yeah it wouldn't it'd be alright sort of culturewise it's not too different from Sweden either so I like Melbourne sort of that's where we spent most of the time about half a year I suppose so. Yeah it would be like Melbourne probably if I went to live so but yeah I could see myself doing that. Yeah I suppose so it's taken a while but getting there have to blame it on my girlfriend I suppose. Yeah she's here so. she's working at an international pre school as a nursery teacher so. so well at least for that time we'll stay and then we'll see what happens depending on like I got a like a year or so more of studies to go and and depending on what happens with that we'll see where where we go I suppose. I'll probably be studying Swedish basically my aim is to get into research or like P H D course here I suppose that's what I'm gonna try to do just have to finish my essay first and then try there as well and if that doesn't work out I haven't got a plan B yet but we'll see take it from there then. oh sort of either really but to start I'll try in English and then see if I get accepted or not and then if not I'll try Swedish as well so hopefully I'll get something. I don't know I've always liked university and things or studying and so on and been thinking about what to do and I can't really think of anything it's like teacher maybe but staying on. sort of leaning towards some sort of language history. Yeah that's another idea . well I suppose I dunno I've just started playing football again so I did play a lot when I was younger but then I stopped about two or three years ago or something I dunno it sort of it just started going travelling around a bit and so on so you couldn't keep going really and then. But no yeah about half a year ago sort of actually quite enjoy that it's been a while so. Apart from that it's I suppose meeting friends and I like films books: theatre or I suppose I prefer films. Actually so. well I dunno I saw Scent of a Woman: yesterday but it's on TV so. I dunno it's a while ago s saw something I can't quite remember that's the thing I always forget yeah I don't I don't know . Yeah yeah. yeah I liked it. Alright yeah . It was actually my the first film my girlfriend saw in Swedish so she understood as well so. yeah. yeah yeah. yeah no it depends like that seemed to be f reasonably okay to understand like some other films might be a bit harder I suppose. yeah yeah. yeah. yeah. Yeah Iranian family. yeah it sounds like or: something like that. What are they called. yeah. Yeah . yeah. alright yeah. okay. yeah. Yeah well yeah I haven't any like I haven't really gone out to see any Swedish films like should start doing it a bit more and sort of just kept going that way. Yeah I suppose like I mean it's alright like she speaks well enough to to be understood and all and for a while it's alright you know more patient at the beginning but then after a week or two and sort of in everything you have to sort of be slower after a while you just lose your patience a bit and you go back to English . Yeah. So sh she'll get there it's . Another half year or so I think it's basically like if she starts talking a lot more Swedish herself it's it's gonna come pretty fast so . Oh she's been here a year and a half so it is a while like she understands pretty much everything now but yeah so she's working at international preschool it's all English teachers and sort of and they all speak English there so that's what they're supposed to do so then she comes home and I we speak English so it's obviously yeah it's not gonna help her to pick up Swedish really but she's getting there. yeah. Alright yeah. yeah. Yeah I suppose as well like being English speaking as well it's: probably the hardest language to have beforehand if you want to learn Swedish cos . like yeah yeah. 