okay. I really don't know if it was it was in I got i I wa I was very impressed parts of it I think it was we were last year we were in Germany. I studied Germany last year German last year. here. and then we went on this Ber Berlin. we were one week first we were w one week in Hamburg and then we went ba went by train to Berlin and we were there for about five days and then we went back to Hamburg and was there and we were there for one week and then we got home . Went home and it was I I I I still remember it very clearly because of it must have b im make made an impression on me I think . And we had a very tough sched schedule. We we had to get up early in the morning sometimes at six six at six o'clock and we had we went to different meetings we saw a police officer who told us about the crime situation in Hamburg and when then we went to I think it was immigrants' office or and they told us about the immigrant situation in Germany and Hamburg and Berlin and we went on a boat on Elbe and: we saw the. environment it's the it's a very big river in Hamburg. And in Germany or and we saw the environment situation with all the pollution and: what it does to the: en environment. yes it was it was very or very or very very organised . er it was the purpose to get to know not to talk German but to learn about German Germany how the situa how the country works you could say. Jürgen Hering perhaps you know him he's. and I think it was the the university of Vänersborg also we were two two universities two classes and we were went together. So I think they had something to say about the program as well. And then we visit the: university in Hamburg we were there for three days I think. and participated in classes and so on it was funny but not to talk but to listen . yes and. . and I think. we had we we a guy took us round Hamburg and first he show us the really posh stores and with clothe with co that cost a fortune and then just maybe fifty metres from from there we saw people who were in injecting heroin or something so it was very and all this it was he showed us very much the: opposites of th and that was that was something that was I wa I wasn't used to I haven't seen that before and there is a lot of drugs and it was so open. I think so I I I think so and there were a lot of homeless people I don't you don't you don't see that many homeless people in Sweden. You see them but you but there bu it was l they were living in the in the subways . I think the universities too because here we in Sweden we are very punctual we come at the time. and they in the classes the people came perhaps fifteen minutes too late and then they w stayed for about a quarter and then they left left. And people went in and ge got got out just w the peer teacher just talked he de he didn't mind . He just he he was happy to the people who stayed perhaps so that was perhaps the the punc the punctuality perhaps. I think. really some people are maybe not the students I don't know . well we also went to we had this guide who took us in East Berlin and West West Berlin she showed us all the important buildings and it was extremely hot it was very very warm it was I think it was thirty five. thirty degrees or something and then we also one day we went to Potsdam. it's a city not far away from Berlin where there are this big castle where Frederic the second a big king some way back in the history and we it was magnificent houses with gold on the roofs and different statues in gold and and we just visited the. The: the guest house and it was like a castle the guesthouse it was like really really big and it was two stores high and that roof it was mosaic in in the in the in the in the f in the ceiling and. And the walls it was paintings and it was magnificent. and this was just it was just a guesthouse . More more more it it wasn't it wasn't in use it was a museum. and we had a guide who took us and she was very you you have to walk on the carpets you cannot walk on the floor and you have to stand in line and because they were really caref because the people had been visiting this house so much that it had it had gone run run down. so they were they were they were af afraid that it would not be that nice anymore so we had to walk in line on these tiny carpets and we had these f shoes so shoes on so we we didn't harm the floor or something. . . exactly. And no pictures you had to buy the pictures you cannot take your own pictures. Photographs but it it was it was very nice and then we had this guide in the rose garden it's a very very big garden with roses and much very beautiful flowers and other houses that this king built one was inspired from China the other from Holland and then it was his house it was very big. it was like maybe not with with towers and things but it was very big yellow house and it was stairs leading up to the house and fountains and it was very magnificent. so it was but it was very warm that day too I think and we didn't have any water and we had to walk this f we had to walk a very long distance and I think I maybe was hallucinating something or the the wind was like this it was very it was very warm. It was in May to. No last year. May I think we yes I think it was maybe the whole fourth May to twenty-eighth May or something. . You mean ta. It's much easier to talk English but maybe that is because I've studied that so much more and maybe if I studied German more I've but I I find it difficult to s to speak German it's much easier to understand what someone says and read and write but I ha I haven't been to Germany so much so perhaps if I were went there and I learned the language but it's it's a bit difficult to sp to speak . English is easier but th that but that is you have studied it I have studied it much longer and you have it all around you in Sweden on television and music so I think it's is quite obvious that. if it's no but it's it's very easy because if one if you have a paragraph for a say like something a grammar a grammar rule then it is like that there is rarely any exceptions but and then you have the English and you have a lots and lots and loads of ex exceptions that you have to learn. So German is easier perhaps. in grammar I think. But there. perhaps because it it it's very it's it's it's very stable grammar system maybe and English has a lots of exceptions and I think that's that's easier but then German has lot of different other systems that doesn't exist in Swedish and English anymore they have l. I can't really explain . Yes exactly. and I don't know . I really don't know what it's called in S English. Conjunctive okay it wasn't that so that that is really difficult to know when you're supposed to use. subjunctive. I I think so yes that's that's difficult to to know when you're supposed to use it because it it's very they use it very often in Germany c subjunctive. And you don't do that in Swedish or English that much. . You have that too . . Exactly . in Sweden you only have in Swedish you only only have it in in old set phrases. And that is you don't use it that much in Swedish Swedish. . 