. Yes I do . yeah I've been: I've been to to see Salvador Dali. And it was really impressive. really really impres. Especially I I remember really well I think this was maybe twelve or fifteen years ago. Long before I I was thinking about having a girlfriend coming from Spain . I I saw a painting from far away and it was it it it didn't look like a painting it looked like a: photograph. So I had to go you had to go really really close to to see that it was an actual painting an' it was a tree . that's some kin I really really really remember that really well . Yeah abstract I don't like so much I like a lot of landscaping. I like a lot especially landscaping from from from here from Sweden for example from the West Coast. I enjoy a lot. And othe and also French painters I like when they do the landscaping of France. It's it's really beautiful. No not at all I I don't have that gift at all . . . Yeah actually I do I do have some paintings. motives from the West Coast. as I said and yeah it's a I I I like a lot it's give me a calm sense when I sit. Sit watching them. yeah. No I ch chosen myself when I was in an art studio. together with my parents. Yeah I have I have some posters but that's more fun posters like. On different doors kitchen door and bathroom door . Not really art. I've I haven't seen so much art I us m mainly photographs they have of the children. The first Communion and. Things like that and marry wedding weddings an'. Yeah especially since the houses are so different they are so cold inside . During during winter and the spring it's really cold and during summer it's too warm. So because they have stone everywhere. it's tiles on the floors and the tile on the on the walls and yeah . Yeah. It is actually. yeah it is actually I mean it's it's really light outside so if if it's a crystal glass it's I mean of course it's light inside also. But but different. Yeah and especially I mean. I'm I'm used to the Swedish three three crystal windows that's that don't let out heat and don't let the cold come in . So we have a different temperature rooms here in Sweden. It's and also different windows I mean we have the windows open they have the windows that you slide. so it's it's different very different. but yeah it is but it's nice also nice it's . they are they're r are really clean inside the house but. I mean they clean more or less four or five times every day. not every day sorry every week. Cos it's here in Sweden is I mean it's. One of the few places in in Europe that you take off your shoes when you go into people's house. In Spain you just walk in. so if you've been out in the: in the fields and you come home you walk in with the with your boots on. Of course it gonna be dirty. yeah. Yeah ab absolutely absolutely. . yes. You never know you never know. it's true it's true. yeah thank you. 