right it's a film and it's a play but I've only seen the film actually . It's Educating Rita. And I've read the play as well because I'm going to write my D level essay on. this topic . And I saw it the first time I think it was in ninety-one April ninety-one and: I felt I could relate to her. And that's why I'm here at university today actually. And: today I can s I can still relate to her because now I'm supposed to be educated and I feel well like I'm filled with all these shallow quotations and stuff I dunno wh education what's an education so that's what I'm going to write about in this essay and I feel it's it's funny that it's it's like following me I follow the play or the pl play has followed me all through the these years and it's been like five years now at the university so well what can I say. . yes. Yes in ninety-one then I was ninety-one I was nineteen. I must have been. yeah nineteen years old so . yeah. no I didn't think that it was going to be that important. As it's turned out to be. I never imagined that at at that point I never imagined that I would ever be able to: go to university because I I failed in high-school. quite seriously I think and I had to do it. All over again. And then I got in here teachers' training's college and studied literature just as she has did. In that film and now I recognise all these writers that she's talking about Howard's End and E M Forster and. All those and I I can relate to her reactions and as well as her experiences when it comes to leaving your old friends behind. The ones that didn't go continue. also I can relate to the well the emptiness sort of . When you come out on the other side because my generation was brought up with this you have to be educated you have to get an education and and it was like a promise in this right if you get an education then everything will turn out just fine and now I was like okay now I have an education and: so where is everything you know like where's the money where's the. Man the prince and yeah everything like that and . And as you know as a teacher I I'm not going to be rich. So in that sense I can relate to that as well . actually I saw it on: TV the first time. yes I saw it on TV and I I was really really frustrated the fact that I didn't record it. But then I found it years later and then I was able to re make a copy. And: then I well maybe I've seen it maybe twenty thirty times like that. something. Like that. Every time I feel like I need some sort of motivation because y it isn't sad in that sense and at first I thought it was just sad when he's leaving and she's doing the ironing she doesn't know what to do but . But she d I think she does come out m wiser than from the beginning. Still I I she it's an experience even though it you know it didn't turn out to be: quite what she expected from her education but she's still wiser. And she knows now that she's got a choice and that's I think that's the point of it all she's got a choice and so do I in a in a way . Being being from Korea adopted to Sweden I th I think it's this has made my life easier in a way that I the fact that I've got an education higher education because my my Swedishness so to speak is questioned dai on a daily basis and it feels good to say that well I have studied you know eighty p points of Swedish and blah blah blah and i it makes me: more Swedish it shouldn't be that way but it is. So I've got a choice as well in a way. 