. Okay. . okay. What about one of these subjects. okay I've chosen number two. And I've been to Thailand. And I found it oh what happened which has impressed me describe a recent impressive because: the people are Buddhist first thing. and I'm into Buddhism. And I found it interesting because there're many tourists in Thailand. But still the people are really kind they've not learned yet how to use tourists. in a bad way and dunno it's beautiful lots of sea and lots of beaches. and I dunno what to say it's terrible about yeah dunno. In Thailand. It's different depends on where in Thailand you are. But if you are in the islands . It's coconuts are the thing that's what people do. I think that's what gets more most money for Thailand there they have the export of coconuts. I think yeah. And that's the most common reason for death as well is. Falling coconuts you know. Because they're so high up and they fall with such speed you know. And if you go north it's rice I think . they do they grow rice. And that was amazing cos then they have in each village they have a cobra man . who comes and he's he's like a medical person he's he's high in status and he's employed by every farmer bu dunno once a month maybe. And he comes there to kill the cobras so he walks around with no weapons or anything and he catches the cobras and he snaps their necks. . . . Three minutes up now . Okay what else I had a little Thai person who taught me kick sp kick-boxing. yeah they do they do he woke me up every morning at five o'clock. knocked on my bungalow goes Charlie Charlie fighting and he was teaching me kick-boxing on the beach and I just found it really amazing that they're so nice. To even the bad foreigners or the bad tourists. That come and behave badly or I dunno now it's eight years ago maybe. I was there. Probably yeah. Always does I think. wh bit wet bit damp I think. I dunno I d I don't think they have seasons in the way that other tr tropical places do there is a rainy period but it's not lots and lots of rain for a long time I don't think. It's more even the climate than in other places I think. You do get the monsoon but not as much or as hard as in dunno India for. Example you know as far as I know yeah. can get very hot I dunno how I never erm I never knew what temperature it was . Four or five months. yeah was gonna go for two weeks . And changed my mind . and stayed on. I start I started cleaning the beach in the mornings. Cos this guy was teaching me the boxing and he was part of the family who owned the place where I stayed. So after we'd trained I picked up rubbish from the beach just to show that I appreciated his help. And then they gave me a free bungalow I didn't have to pay any rent any. More so then I thought I'd have to do something else so I helped out in the . A . Th that's a little small restaurant or whatever. Yeah they sold breakfast and lunch and dinner . So I was helping out there and then they gave me free food and I just I dunno I just stayed and lived with them. They: eat: sticky rice. Yeah with I dunno I can't remember what it's called some m m mashy thing with l small fish. And dunno cold with the sticky rice. I had yoghurt and fresh fruits. you know. And the food is funny cos they have for lunch they always have this really really spicy soup called . And I could never understand it cos it was really warm. And I couldn't see why they would have warm food for lunch and they said Charlie you have to ea you have to eat this cos it does you good and I ate it and you start sweating. yeah and the soup actually cools your body down. Ah yeah. Strange ay for us anyhow for me. . okay. . what made me come home. I was gonna go for two weeks and I had things I mean I had I had work at home and everything and I had my flat. And I had someone staying temporarily for a little while and then then in the end. I had to go home and sort things out start working again it was silly. Staying on for so long four months. yeah. or most of them . It's I dunno cos I only met the people on these small islands. I'm not I'm not sure what Buddhism what's what it's called that's the official . But there to me it was seemed close to Zen Buddhism. they don't: they don't treat Buddha as a god and they don't have lots of rules to follow they go to monasteries most boys of whatever good or proper. Families goes to a monastery for education. For at least a year. but but then that's me I met the farmer people and it it's different really but they seemed more relaxed. than Indian Buddhists for example does. With rules and with they don't have a hell for example. or a heaven . But I I'm not sure I mean I talked to these people it might be. Different. . 