. yeah. England. . In Brighton. Yeah . Yes. it was strange. Actually because I didn't feel like I was in in Brighton all the time since there were just Swedish students at the. Well in the class. And so we spoke a lot of Swedish and you had to go outside s m the university to get to make friends. that weren't Swedish. yes. I was. It was great. because yeah yeah I had a great family that I lived with. well the mother of the family she was one year only one year older than me. so we kind of got very close to each other and it was great to have someone in my my own age you know when I was so far from home . . one thing that struck me was that well when when they have children. the mother often stay at home at home. An take look after the child and the father goes out and works and never comes home . well. yes. So I think the reason why I was there was to keep her company or. Maybe. something like that there was another student well she wasn't a student but another person who lived there as well. So I think we were there to to give company. No I don't think so because. I mean it's by the sea and I'm brought up by the sea. In Bohuslän. and so it's well it's kind of like home actually. It was nice to have the sea so I could always go down there and feel at home. . almost four months. No. no well if you if you chose to you could have com or you could find friends there but. if if you didn't put an effort into it yourself you would never well you never saw any. Body else so. No they were kind of fun. But I I didn't go out so much like into pubs and stuff. But I I joined a choir. And I went to a church there. and so well there were they were very nice and they made me feel at home as well. yeah. no an English church. A very: well I didn't know of it bec before I came there but a Swedish friend of a friend . sh she she had been in Brighton before and studied. And she came over again to work there and then she brought me to that church. Yeah I went to London twice. Once once to to see a friend who stayed there or who lived there. he doesn't anymore and once with my my mother and my grandmother. they came to visit. yeah . I think they liked it. Yeah but everything was so overv overwhelming because it was just after: September eleventh. And. So we all just discussed the fact that if they hadn't booked the ticket the flight ticket the day that they did. they wouldn't have come and. But they think they liked Brighton. And so did I I want to go back some day and just visit. Yeah. you should definitely go see the Lanes. which is an old part of the city very narrow streets. It is like a labyrinth you never get out of there . You just find yourself somewhere where you've never been before and you think how did I get here. And then you will just have to you know think tha oh thi this is probably north and I'll go north and I I'll wind up somewhere where I know where I am. Yeah: very. Cafés shops yeah j very m many jewellery shops. And then you should see the Royal Pavilion. Which is a a a sort of a castle well no not a castle castle really but it was built for George the third. Who liked Asia and India and stuff so it's influenced by by the well the building s from In India and Asia. And then there's the pier. Brighton pier. That you should definitely see. as well yeah well and Devil's Dyke. That's a a place where you can go by bus and it's a very well people go there to have walks and stuff. No:. It's inlands. it's a green country . And you could it's it's on top of a a hill. and you can see out over a valley. very: it was foggy when we were there but. And then you can see the forest which is the Ashdown forest. Which is the fo in Winnie the Pooh. That's the forest. And you can even see the the you know the bridge where they throw Pooh sticks. . I didn't see that but. I was told that it exists. As well. yeah. Oh yes it is. But I don't know well when we came there we were the only students because the well our term starts earlier than the English people. Or other students so we came there in September and the rest started in October. So it was very solitary. the first months and we were like oh we're the only ones here. Then all of a sudden there were people everywhere and you were just thinking what's this who who are they. And they were kind of making friends and we were we had already made friends with the Swedish people so we just. Kind of stuck together. yeah. Yeah. yeah at at the restaurant. It was cheaper there than int inside Brighton. well we had chips for everything. With everything it was oh well never I mean boiled potatoes wh which we do have. In Sweden. but well occasionally we could have boiled potatoes and then ever every Swedish pe person in the cafeteria would just ah the boiled potatoes. And we took have. As many as we were allowed to so well yeah . no . oh I made my own food. . No. because they never ate together as I mean was asleep and or maybe not at all and. had dinner out I mean in the pub or something so. yeah I think so . I'm insta wi with because they separated just after. I went back. to Sweden . yeah. you're welcome. No . Oh well I don't I don't do that. Often. but sometimes when you're abroad. No. No I walked past it . . . Yeah I think so but no: I think I would be flattered somehow. Yeah it's rather nice isn't it. . Yeah. No no nothing like that. No. I don't know. I just don't want. well if they don't make a caricature of you. which they do sometimes. I think that depends o depends on who paints the picture. Because he or she has to be very good at what they're doing. And be trained to to see the inner person I I think you can see the inner person in some pictures. or portraits but . Yeah or at least have been spoken speaking to me for a while. In in order to get to know me. . . . no I think I am: I think I know what the picture will say when. it's developed . no. no. . Oh yes but I think everybody does. in some I mean the eyes or the nose or the hair could always be better. Or why did I wear those clu clothes and stuff. but. No I think I'm rather content with how I look . In the photographs . . Oh yes . Yeah especially of the cats in the family. . oh yes I do. I have a place on the sofa. . Yeah okay. Thank you. 