Yes sure I was a student at the university of Sheffield for four years. and I studied German there and dunno if you know about most unive at most universities in the language departments the students tend to they do a play every year. And this was in my last year at university and I've always admired people that sort of are able to stand on stage and pretend to be s pretending to be someone else I've always. Admired that immensely so. I sort of thought oh God you know I'd really like to try it but oh no I cou I couldn't possibly do. That then I thought well this is gonna be my last very last chance so. I thought okay well never mind I'm just so I just showed up at the audition and I did a bit reading in German and everything and got a part. so I played a nurse in in a in a German play called dunno if you. It is it's written by I think the author is Swiss . Dürrenmatt his name is I don't know if you've heard. Of him . Anyway so it's jus it was it was fantastic cos. Basically the cast that woul basi those th there were some Germans in the in the play actually acting and. But the majority of people were English and then there was me Swedish obviously and it was just one of the most th the it's the best thing I did at university not. perhaps the best sort of performance I gave. But the the best thing in the sense that you got to know loads of people and you know standing on stage with a hundred and fifty two hundred people. watching you speaking in German and so pretending to be someone else. that was quite a you know quite an experience and I mean God I was so nervous beforehand but . I mean it just it's fantastic and also we filmed it so. I got it on tape at home now. no. Yeah. . I was but not I don't tend to get that nervous. I I get a bit sort of of shaking but. But that's about it so there were people in the play that were more more nervous than I was. so bu I mea i it was absolutely fantastic experience and you know anybody in that position I would just urge them to you know go go on try it. Try it try it because it's it's just so it's absolutely brilliant and I sort of been thinking of doing it again but. I haven't really I dunno I have not really got any friends I'm no not really in touch with anybody that does that kind of thing if you see what I mean. So . . I know I wasn't really well a little bit. because in in particularly because obviously some of the lines in German you you you knew what they meant mainly because you'd studied the lines. But it's not the kind of so be because it was quite a complex subject so. It's not like you could just stand there and improvise if you if you. Did forget your lines. So I just sort of I dunno I think it's just because I I actu I I enjoy I love standing in front of people and. just the first two three minutes you know are a bit shaky and so on but. Then after that it just flows really well so I just had to make sure that I knew the first couple of minutes really really well and. Have a few sort of a few words or a few phrases that I sort of that I could go back to if I sort of lost. Lost well if I lost the plot really you know if I just sort of stood there for oh my God I can't remember what to say so yeah no but it's okay it's okay we we got we got some really really good feedback in particular. From the teachers at. The depa German the German Department so yeah it was fantastic. yes. yes. yeah or lamps falling over. And so bits like that but. i it wasn't too good actually well it wasn't too bad rather. Because the majo well some of the some of the students or some of the actors they they they'd done it before. They sort of knew how to just ignore the fact that this lamp all of a sudden just fell over or or that this big bang came from behind the stage or. Whatever you know so they they they they knew that they just had to sort of try and sort of. Leave that aside and just m move on with what they were doing. and so basic because they were so professional that sort of lead well th that meant that the rest of us became so fairly f professional as well . So we sort of had to do cos I think I dunno I think mainly you you're so completely into what you're doing yourself. that yo you don't you don't even realize what goes on around you . so nothing really happened when when I was on stage thank God cos I don't know I'd probably. I don't know I'd probably start giggling or something like that but. . Bu yeah w w so don't know it was just it's just the best it's just one of the best experiences ever. and yeah so. I think we gave about five or six performances. probably actually probably the second or the third because the first one that's when everybody's so fairly nervous so you that's. When you're sort of testing and trying trying things out and stuff. Just to see if it actually works cos at the same time you're standing there on stage and you sort of expect a certain kind of reaction from the audience. and if you don't get that reaction you sort of might y y might just stop and sort of think oh well hang on a minute. You're supposed to laugh . There and and and so but the second and the third that's when you sort of like knew more or less how. What to expect and where the where the audience would laugh and you know and things like that. and the last few I think that's where we sort of got a bit almost I think we'd we almost sort of like you know oh well yeah we know how to do this and so. We didn't really pay as much attention as we ou or try as hard as we perhaps should have. because we felt that well we know this already and you know. We we can do. This so so you just sort of basically went up there and did it without any. Sort of real passion or this because it's always good to be a little bit nervous. that's when you do that's when you also perform the best. so yeah. Yeah tha i i it was it was. It was . Brilliant. Yes exactly yeah absolutely yeah. . 