. What's happening. Well a guy is painting a picture of a girl he's an artist who's painting I don't think they know each other but it seems like she's a model. Some kind and then she goes up and looks at it and she: she remarks on something and then she sits down again and it seems like he's: correcting what she well correcting but. Changing what she didn't think was perfect or good. Oh yeah he's probably doing it she was going to have it in her ow own home. so he's hired cos she's showing to her friends later on and it seems like it's in her h home and she's saying like got this done . Yeah she seems proud. No. I'm not sure it would be. If it was like a nice version of me then maybe but I don't like to see pictures of me . no. no that that's the thing I don't want a realistic image I want something that's. made better. So I like yeah. So I can see look at it and like ah I look like that and like pretend. cos it it's like I'm always very shocked when I go: in the li escalators and stuff like that. and sometimes you see a: mirror. and you're not you're not like expecting a mirror. And I always like assume I look in a certain way. And then I see myself oh my God is that me. Yeah so I wouldn't like to have li picture of me hanging there all the. Time I would never I don't like even having like pictures photographs from school and stuff. Yeah that could be cool. if they if it didn't like if it had certain aspects of me but not me as whole that would. Be acceptable . yeah I w I was in London this like Christmas. And I spent a few hours at the National Portrait Gallery. On my own. And on the Portrait Gallery in like no not The Portrait National Gallery. and I think it's very nice just like imagine what the people are like and. To look at the scenery and I've always liked historical books. So it's like you can look at s place and you can imagine imagine being there. And walking in the same place as everyone else has walked and stuff. No it depends it depends. If the person have something that appeals to me in general. If I can give them a personal cos I always talk with myself in my head that I have certain li several person personalities. but I talk with myself and I give like personal traits to different people and they might be famous or just someone I saw. . Yeah but I don't remember I think it was the sun might have been there was a painting of Italy. and the ceremonial wedding between the like the Doge or something. And the city or. When he drops a golden ring in the water. And I like that one . it was very. it was it was very alive. and I read a book I don't remember which but I read a book about it. so I could like see the the details. but I wouldn't have been able to see otherwise if I hadn't had some like knowledge of it. And I don't know it came alive . Yeah but it was too colourful perhaps and. Very nice weather and it was like perfect day bu I: it was it was realistic. . . the thing is I can't have it in my own room because I'm always I'm always like looking for the perfect thing. So I can't put up anything because it's not the perfect thing. So it's pretty blank. yeah. No but I'm very: I'm always looking for like the perfect education and the perfect guy the perfect everything I'm always like I'm very I'm very hard to please. yeah. No but it's really hard because I know that I'm doing it I can't help myself. Cos I always see like small flaws and everything. Not I have like friends and stuff that's not a problem they don't. Have to be perfect and then. I can be happy in general I'm always like. If it's important I want the. Absolute ideal. and I might have to realize that I can't get everything. Since I'm not perfect why should like anyone. Else be perfect. . Yeah it's the same thing as like people always become more beautiful when you get to know them and if you lik.