yes. Well we can: sort of mix topic one and topic two. cos I would like to talk about my experience I had when: I went to high school in the United States and then it's also a country that I visited which has impressed me so . well I went to the U S when I was seventeen and it was my first time in the U S and I started my senior year in high school there it was in St Louis Missouri in the Midwest and it was a great experience lots of new things happened I lived with a: host family and they were really nice to me and I really enjoyed my stay there and then I went to a high school which was called Hazelwood Central and it was a pretty big high school it had about two thousand five hundred students so it was: you know bigger than my high school back home so. yeah and it was it was a wonderful year and met lots of new friends that I still talk to one of my best friends Heather came over to see me last summer in Sweden she stayed with me here for three weeks I've met my host parents I think three or four times since I left them so we still talk to each other a lot what else can I say about my classes a little bit about them. I was: had you know I could choose my classes I didn't have to take any most students t you know have to take for example American History or something like that but they: told me I could choose what I wanted to study. So. Yeah so I guess I I made this year as as a break from my from my original studies here in Sweden so I chose mostly fun classes that I just enjoyed to take I had speech and acting drivers education:. Yeah but I never got to take a driver's licence though I just got to have the education for it and I had pottery classes I made all kinds of fun stuff in in clay I had creative writing writing essays P E physical education and that was the classes was different in a way that we we had the same classes everyday you know you had six classes every day and that was the same all week and that w I mean I wasn't used to that from Sweden because we here we have different classes every day. what else I got to travel pretty much while I was there I visited ten states I think. Yeah I was lucky because my my host parents loved to travel so then I got to go with them so I was in in Florida for example for a week visiting my host grandparents . They lived there so and: I was in New York I was in Illinois in Kentucky: and then for one week I went to California so I was just in San Diego San Francisco and Los Angeles and that was fun because we were seventy two exchange students that went there together so we had a lot of fun there and it was it was nice to come to to Los Angeles to see the: you know all the the Hollywood and Beverly Hills and all the stuff I'd heard about so it was nice to to actually see it just seen it from all the movies. . 