Yeah it's okay. go. . . yeah yes I think I will choose topic one. . I'll start. yeah I think I was about eighteen or nineteen years old when I had when I started to work as a teacher and . yes I was very young. and I was working in Halmstad. No I think I mu I must have been twenty because I'd been working in Gothenburg for some time and while I was working in Halmstad I learned a v a lesson a very important one I've brought with me all the time because as you know I'm I'm: I'm a physical trainer. And I was training some girls extra. in volleyball and I've always been I thought a very good player. But it was in: o: on the level on: ah school levels not not that high and I trained these girls and one of the lessons there was one girl missing so I said oh okay I can I can enjoy and play and I don't know remember if you if you remember in school when you choose teams. Yeah. And you have tw one big group and y and you have two girls or boys that say I choose and I: choose Susan I I choose and I . Yes and. And yes they started this and I was the last one to be picked out and I was God I have never experienced this before because I have been rather good in in athletics. So this was important because I I learned never never to do this in in my class never so: and I also realised the humiliation. Of course . yeah. So I know this is i this is the thing that that when they are playing they do it all the time. But consequently I have al I t I always talk about it and when my students have their lessons of their own I tell them not to do it like that. They have to pick up the teams before or: make another system one two three one. Two three or something like that. Yeah. Yes. . yes of course. Yes. I've been teaching them but they were they were the best in school I was not so good because I'm no I have had no education. So this was my only experience from schools. Then I went to university and I learned a lot of course. So: yeah that is my important lesson. . no I don't think so because I have no time. Left. Because I had to take one year to do the A course. I experienced that my knowledge was not good enough. speaking reading writing everything. so: I took this year to make something that was good to to stand on. so but I'm thinking of studying I am what we call a special teacher oh I will have I have that c I have had a course when you can help students or or pupils with difficulties in maths or or. Writing. Buth I did this course nineteen eighty-eight and not been working with it so I th I think I will try to go this course a again it's a changed but maybe I will work with these kind of students . Again yeah. No not again I've not worked with them. But I think I will do that. Yeah. oh there was I think there were ten student looking. ah yes and one beautiful young boy standing looking at me with me lying there you know. Oh I had to close my eyes yes. No. That's why it hurts too so much . no I you. Know here this is not my real tooth. So I have put in another one here. And before that when he's he's taking this cold water and ooh my God it hurts so much I felt it in my ear . well it it's it's not so: I I didn't know this will: l but this will not end at the dentist that it will continue to to ache yeah. yes I think so. . I don't know when we s what what was it when we started now it's five minutes. Five minutes more . with this. . mm:. sport the sport I I enjoy is riding horses. canoeing. yeah walking in mountains. and skiing. That was ha what I have been doing. riding bike. out in the nature. Is what I prefer. so: the consequence of my: not my sporting because I've not been that active but my:. Work as a teacher my knee is. Destroyed I have done two operations and I will do . Another one. yeah. Yes knees and for for teachers they ruin . Necks backs hips. Hips. no when you are a teacher when I started to work nineteen seventy the teacher was always as in in ordinary lessons . Always active. So I did everything with the pupils everything. Twenty-nine times a week. yeah and when you have been working for: well twenty-five years of course your body: don't can't stand that. yeah yeah. All the time. All the time. Helping and all also helping students in vaults. And gymnastic you know and it was okay when when it was only girls. In the class but then there came the boys. And and they can they can be heavy. you know grown up eighteen years old. ninety kilos or something like that. And not unusual. So: that's the reason the main reason becau. Why my knee is so bad. so that is why I'm reading English to change my subject yeah. And to be able. To teach something else. . . 