yes . I I'm not really good at knowing I don't know a lot about it. I find that I: look more and more. At it. I used to be very very interested in the[i:i when it was a very good representation almost. Photographic but I find I'm. Moved away from that. one painting that is interesting me is in the art museum here in Gothenburg Hipp Hipp Hurra by Krøyer. and and what really interests me they they it's it's a party out in a garden. Or party th they're having breakfast or something . A group of friends and they're raising the glasses to celebrate a cheer and . What really interests me you go up and look at those glasses there's nothing there on the canvas. when you stand back you see the glass perfectly well and when you come close there's nothing there. so it's: it is almost illusionistic trick the glass is and you see it. Every so often. Yeah just a dab of white and you see something completely different. That interests me. it's very interesting when me and my wife goes looks at paintings together we never agree on anything. . not very much but we we've been amazed a couple of times . . u unless it's something by someone I know. And then it really doesn't matter what it is. no doesn't really matter if it's a landscape or a portrait or a: or a still-life or whatever. I want it to be I have we have one which is a picture of a farm: in a haze: . And it's very sketchy. Which makes that every time you look at it y you look at it according to whach which mood mood you're in at the time. It's just like music some music kind of: adapts to yourself and and some music you're well it only functions as dance music and nothing but . I'm I'm not like that . S so I can't really say I like this art or that art because it's. Some sometimes when you look at a picture there's something in it that interests me. And what in n n th the ones I like most are the ones when I really can't decide what is it. It's the same with books actually. No well there was so much else to do . I both times I were there I was there at a big conference and I was interpreting so I had quite a lot to do. So a fortnight there I was spent about a week in a: interpreter's booth. Four times so. . No but it's more according to the area of course in Jerusalem everything. Is built in this golden stone this Jerusalem stone. Yeah in the old city especially it has to be built. In this stone. Well it's yeah in a kinda golden hue in the right light. no I I didn't recognise that it's particular Jewish style I I it's more like Eastern style. I suppose if: you look really looked upon it. You could discern something like that but I didn't. Perceive it. 's far as I know I never heard about such a thing as Jewish arch. yes they're they're very functional. They're very diplomatic in. Everything. the synagogues they have a few things in common but there are not very many churches are much more alike than synagogues are. No I've never been inside. Oh yes. yeah you can go in enter any synagogue you want to as long as. You apply to the customs of the place. put your on when you go in there. I had a friend down there he he decided to buy a is what you wear the day you're married . well something I found that I really liked is their bakery. yes they've brought the best: from especially Eastern and Central Europe down there. Yeah but it d they just brought it from all over the world. it's not especially Jewish. But since they've lived all over the place and everyone liked spe. Specific things of course they've brought. The best of the lot . so you have the mix of well if you go down to Austria or Southern Germany you and look at all. These tarts and so on you'll find all. . Okay. my pleasure. Well. 