right it's a film and it's a play but I've only seen the film actually . It's Educating Rita. And I've read the play as well because I'm going to write my D level essay on. this topic . And I saw it the first time I think it was in ninety-one April ninety-one and: I felt I could relate to her. And that's why I'm here at university today actually. And: today I can s I can still relate to her because now I'm supposed to be educated and I feel well like I'm filled with all these shallow quotations and stuff I dunno wh education what's an education so that's what I'm going to write about in this essay and I feel it's it's funny that it's it's like following me I follow the play or the pl play has followed me all through the these years and it's been like five years now at the university so well what can I say. . yes. Yes in ninety-one then I was ninety-one I was nineteen. I must have been. yeah nineteen years old so . yeah. no I didn't think that it was going to be that important. As it's turned out to be. I never imagined that at at that point I never imagined that I would ever be able to: go to university because I I failed in high-school. quite seriously I think and I had to do it. All over again. And then I got in here teachers' training's college and studied literature just as she has did. In that film and now I recognise all these writers that she's talking about Howard's End and E M Forster and. All those and I I can relate to her reactions and as well as her experiences when it comes to leaving your old friends behind. The ones that didn't go continue. also I can relate to the well the emptiness sort of . When you come out on the other side because my generation was brought up with this you have to be educated you have to get an education and and it was like a promise in this right if you get an education then everything will turn out just fine and now I was like okay now I have an education and: so where is everything you know like where's the money where's the. Man the prince and yeah everything like that and . And as you know as a teacher I I'm not going to be rich. So in that sense I can relate to that as well . actually I saw it on: TV the first time. yes I saw it on TV and I I was really really frustrated the fact that I didn't record it. But then I found it years later and then I was able to re make a copy. And: then I well maybe I've seen it maybe twenty thirty times like that. something. Like that. Every time I feel like I need some sort of motivation because y it isn't sad in that sense and at first I thought it was just sad when he's leaving and she's doing the ironing she doesn't know what to do but . But she d I think she does come out m wiser than from the beginning. Still I I she it's an experience even though it you know it didn't turn out to be: quite what she expected from her education but she's still wiser. And she knows now that she's got a choice and that's I think that's the point of it all she's got a choice and so do I in a in a way . Being being from Korea adopted to Sweden I th I think it's this has made my life easier in a way that I the fact that I've got an education higher education because my my Swedishness so to speak is questioned dai on a daily basis and it feels good to say that well I have studied you know eighty p points of Swedish and blah blah blah and i it makes me: more Swedish it shouldn't be that way but it is. So I've got a choice as well in a way. So I think education should be freedom: in a way but it isn't always especially when you get a bit . Isolated from the rest of the world. At university you know you know when you go out there and oh yeah specially as a teacher because I work part-time now as a teacher and like that college in in: Mölndal. Has nothing to do with reality . so. fo Folk University. so I'm teaching immigrants. in Swedish and I I think it's it's great I sort of reconsidered now I'm not going to be a teacher for teenagers because I feel like no not teenagers they're wild and I don't want to have. Anything to do with them but . Only Swedish as a foreign language. yes because they were: they will only allow: native speaking English speaking people to teach . You have to have some real connection some special connection with England. In order to be able to teach to be allowed to teach there though Swedish I teach. And that's funny th then when you I meet people and they ah you're a Swedish teacher. I don't know how many times I get that question ah you teach sh Chinese don't you . Actually I was born in Korea but no Swedish ah your Swedish is so good yeah i it ought to be so . But yes. Well yes it of course it . yes maybe films like Mississippi Burning is that the title. American History X. I didn't particularly like these films because I feel well it's not for me because I've already realised that racism isn't very. Smart you know and it's not clever but but it could s . Ma give people strength people who like can't really find their. Way and haven't made up their minds when it comes to these issues. but oh well I don't know films they can change the way you think about certain things. And they can: what do you say w widen your. I haven't been to that many plays actually. I haven't actually. no. I've read the play yeah. And. well yes. Of course that's i: almost impossible to to answer but I think Doctor. Bryant is less: of a sympathetic s person person in the play. Michael Caine makes him very . yeah I like Michael Caine he's my idol but he makes him . More sympathetic I think and and also they've changed some of. The what do you say it's the script. Because they've taken away all these lines that imply flirtation. So to speak he's not flirting that . no in the film. yes they they sort of tone it down. Because he's not that: assertive when it. When it comes to this. Because he's really I mean he's acting in a very inappropriate way in the. Play I would say. But in the film he's not it's not that obvious. So. yes:. I might: have:. I remember I w I read this book I think it was House of the Spirits. And I didn't I well I was aware that it w was a film. And: I didn't I I well I did know some of the actors but I didn't know who was going to play who which characters so I read this book and. I really enjoyed it and then the film was on telly so:. I thought well might might as well and I was so disappointed. I was very very disappointed and I felt. Oh they shouldn't have done this. And: and now I'm: anticipating The Cider House Rules because I've read it and I. Love it and I've read so many. Of his work . John Irving. but then of course . so I don't know. Yeah. But I think what o from what I've seen I think it's it seems to be all right . And of course I did know because when I bought this book the Cider Houth House Rules Michael Caine is on the on the cover of the book so of course I did. Know who was going to play the character and I thought that's all right. but The World accor According to Garp. I was really really annoyed because I I didn't know that Robin Williams . No he he he's Garp in that film and I. And I think it's it's horrible. it's so wrong because I can't stand him actually. and I hate Dead Poets'. Society so. . from mistakes basically I went to England first time I went to England I was sixteen. I went to Manchest a little place outside Manchester in the outskirts of Manchester which wask was called Congleton. And my parents wouldn't le allow me to go to Brighton because they thought like well you can learn all these things at home you don't have to go to Brighton to do this. And then I had to go to Brighton a year ago I think it was no fall of ninety-eight. and I've studied at Sussex: university mm: . But before that in between so to speak I've I hang out w in an Irish bar quite often and I I've met so many English speaking people so I think I was influenced by them . So when I came to England I wen and I met my: landlady and she was very she was an educated woman she was an actress so she was she's been taught to speak in a the old school. she was in her sixties. And she told me that my accent was quite messed up and I think maybe it is I don't know . yeah she she was very influen she was very influential. because when I met English people when I got back they told me that you sound so posh. But it changes it depen depending on: who I'm talking to. So I mean in this: in this bar on Friday night I mean I wouldn't sound like this I don't think but but I like I rather like the the. Northern: accents because they're I d I dunno they sound so . Nice . yeah it's not that s. Yeah in a way less less posh less. Stuck up like . Highbrow. So and I well I support Liverpool so. . I think that the picture it's quite it's blurry as well. So it's . no because it c could be just a mistake. Or something like that . The hair is the most. Obvious for me I mean. it's like . maybe because I've got s s straight hair myself. and I . I have to really beat it to get it to stay. In place you know. What I mean. . .