Yes I would I went on holiday with my mother and my brother and I dunno what to say it's my mother's boyfriend or man or I dunno what it's. Called. when when they're tha that old but and we went to the Dominican Republic. For a week and so I think the flight took about ten or eleven hours because we had to go via O Oslo. And and yeah and we we when we stepped off the plane it was really really hot the first. Thing I felt was that extreme heat and it was very very nice. And we lived in a in an old inclusive hotel and all that so it was really luxurious and very nice and all we did was we: we: sunbathed and we swam in the sea and we ate a lot so that was i. Yeah it was really . Yes it's an island it's ha half of it is the Dominican Republic and half is Haiti. yeah and we you didn't leave the area that much really because it was it's very poor outside and I mean we went to see I think where Columbus first arrived arrived yeah in in I think nineteen fourteen ninety-three. and so tha then we took like a ride through through the island and we saw a lot of a lot of there were li little s houses along the ways and along the road and it was really they they were painted in bright colours it felt really exotic because. In Sweden you know everyone paint the their houses they're painted you know in in a sp special kind of red colour and all that and thi this was like neon yellow and pink and and all sorts of orange and so it was really bright and maybe just to I don´t know an attempt to make their miserable lives a bit brighter I don´t know. yeah we got off the bus and and we walked around a bit and it's a city called Puerto Plata. It's in I think that's the sort of sort of the capital and it's really but it's a bit I think because my my mother's boyfriend's son he's also been to Cuba . and he said that that it's very similar with sort of American influences and all that it's. You know the Coca Cola signs and the. Burger Kings and all that but he said also that Cuba is actually it's it's poorer because. I think I think that's there isn't as much tourism in Cuba as it. Is in the Dominican Republic and therefore maybe people do they have a bit m more money because they make money off th the tourists maybe. Yeah they speak Spanish. well I I'm supposed to be very good at Spanish but. I'm not because I've been studying Spanish for maybe six years or something now. so: bu when I dunno it's sort of I always manage to to not be I´m not able to speak Spanish when when I'm supposed to because you you're you're supposed to say things like maybe you know red wine please and stuff. Like that and that's really just pff I don't know and then then if you're supposed to speak a bit more maybe ask him a about the weather ask the: the staff of the hotel maybe about the weather or about the swimming or something like that it's: sort of very hard because I just I don't know . I spoke English mostly yeah and Swedish with my with my family yeah and all. cheap I I'm not really sure since we yeah it it's pretty cheap for us for for Europeans I think. Because also there is this this son of my mother's man he he he's sort of wild and crazy so he he he did stuff that we the others didn´t really have the guts to do. So he went he went into Puerto Plata alone and and he went to gay bars and and discos and stuff and he said that I think a drink maybe in Sweden it can cost anything from maybe fifty-five to almost seventy crones. And there it was like maybe pff twenty thirty something like that I'm no I don't remember exactly what he said but something very cheap it was for us. I bought a bottle of rum . And my mother and her her man they're sort of suckers for all the the African ar arts. Artefacts you know like wooden masks and. Stuff to put on the walls but I I didn´t want any of that really. so I bought rum and I bought some: some coffee that was really good. Because they're sort of good at making coffee. Yeah. Yeah yeah. I can but it's I think since I didn't pay I didn't pay for the whole trip and the I think it's very expensive but. Yeah but my mother saved up some money so she she helped out otherwise I wouldn't ha I wouldn't have affo I could af I couldn't have afforded it. No via Copenhagen that time actually. Yeah yeah sort of. . 