Yeah. I saw a film last night it's called Moulin Rouge. I think it is the same in English. And I think it was really good I've been like longing to see it for a long time I went I was going to go to the cinema but I rented it instead now I saw it on video. Yeah and I like the actors Ewan McGregor a Scottish actor who was in Trainspotting as well. And it's kind of a musical a romantic musical so there's a lot of singing and you can recognise texts from all different love songs from Eric Clapton and Elton John and all different artists in this film which is actually in in France nineteen hundred the year nineteen hundred. And Nirvana's songs as well this is you know it's not really real but I think it was good because th so much you know nice clothes and shoes and hair and everything it's very well done. Yeah it's a tragic love story and I'm writing my C essay about tragic love stories now so I think it's. Yeah you know I like that theme . yeah but it still is a is quite funny it's a co like a comedy. But it's sad as well so y yeah you get moved from it. it's a it's a poor writer and this girl who's a courtesan or like a prostitute. And they they meet through a misunderstanding they meet she thinks he's much richer or some kind of a duke or something but he's just a poor writer and they fall in love and they are not allowed to be together because she she has to: to be with this duke to get the theatre running or something like that. Because he's pumping money into the business so: and she's she's ill as well she has a: I don't know what you call it in the lungs. Yeah. So you know that she's going to die and they're so much in love and they can't see each other all the time because the the boss is looking like over them 'n stuff but yeah it is a moving story. yeah . I like to see films at home. because then if you want to you can go to the bathroom and you can you know rewind if you want to see something again and stuff. Like that . Cinema is another experience. I used to work in the cinema for a while when I lived in London. at the Empire at Leicester square. It's one of the oldest biggest. And then when I was working I had to sit inside watching films all day long. With my little flashlight if the if the the customers wanted to go to the bathroom when didn't find the way I had to. So then I got a little tired of it you know to sit inside. The cinema all day long in the dark. bad. yeah. I saw Saving Private Ryan which is kind of: a war film with blood and you know fighting it's three hours long I think as well. I saw that one for like days and days. I've seen it probably a hundred times . yeah you get tired of it after. A while . 