Yes. . okay I'll talk about topic topic number two. A country: that I've visited. I've been to France for: about three years all in all I love France I like it as a country I love the people I love the language. I first went there as an au-pair when I was about twenty didn't like that as a job. So I switched and I worked as a waitress I went to school learning French as a foreign student for about a year worked in shops. Even made pizzas for a while. Yes. I met a boyfriend and I stayed on for about two and a half years but then it got kind of rough economically so I went back to Sweden and then I've been to Name cos that was my stay in Paris which is a town in North-Eastern: France close to Switzerland and I: was there for four months. Sent over there by the French Institution here. as an Erasmus student. So I studied at university and that was it was a small town. Very nice though different from Paris cos Paris is still the best. Yes and what I like is the cultural life. There's a pulse in the city you can feel it lot of different people you can meet anyone you want you can be whoever you want you can go to the cinema every day it's cheap you can go to the theatre a lot of things going on the cafés everything. Yes it does and then I. k that was before the European Community entered Sweden or the. Other way around we entered the European Community I couldn't get a job I had. A job but I couldn't get the:[i:i working permit. So I had to return. I did but I've lost a lot of it it'll it will come back. I like that they're a bit more intellectual than Swedes you're not really allowed to be that here it's seen as a bit not ugly but it's not. Looked upon with I dunno nice eyes and they like to: go out and meet people have dinners invite people and meet new people. And Swedes especially in the wintertime they tend to sit at home and well. Yes . They're more dynamic as you say. When they have conversations sometimes I get the impression they talk just to talk and they argue just to argue it's not really their: point of view that they're expressing but still they do it just to get an argument going. and if you watch TV shows you you see a lot of intellectual programmes and a lot of people watch them and a lot of people read the magazines the newspapers and you discuss different topics and the cultural life in itself is now I don't know the word the state gives a lot of money to the. Cultural life and i and it's noticeable very much because it's all over and it's ea ea easy to grab out and g and get your bit of it. if you have money. Yes definitely but if you don't i it's not th they have a poverty that I I've never seen before I went there. and if you're unlucky if you're not very smart in school you don't stand a chance really from the beginning it's an elite society. very much so. . . oh. no it's true very much so here you can see people walk and shop in those small wooden shoes sometimes in the. Summertime. And down there: women always wear make-up they wear their hair in in a nice way they dress nicely and the men so too. here you can go out in a jogging suit . the French way. yes I do it's more fun. Yeah definitely. Oh less liberated. well that's one of the: the bad sides of maybe you have to look good so they're very: into that all the time much more than Swedish women are the they a lot of time they spend on it. And of course when they get children it's the woman who: should stay at home even amongst the young ones a lot of the times it is like that. it's hard to make a career as a woman. All those bits of it. So that's not a nice part either of French society. No because I was Swedish and they tend to like. Swedish people. yes. so. we're kind. hard-working reliable it was very easy to get a job as a Swedish woman. They did not like American women so I was told a lot of times. Cos they were lazy . Yes. well. Oh definitely. maybe I like it here but I also like it abroad so I I have mixed. Feelings about it but France if I had to choose a country it would be. France yes. It would. I don't know that. I've only been there just for holidays you know and. I like it but dunno. 