Yeah sure. . right okay. Would you like me t to to take them you know as a series . . Right the first one then is a this man he's an artist but I but I really he should have long hair but he has got. A beard though. and he' he's going to: make a picture of a woman maybe it's a little bit like Mona Lisa. A: and the second one then he has actually made the picture and I don't know she doesn't look very pleased with the picture and it looks like she's a she wants some some changes. yeah because oh here I see now he's actually depicted her this there this the the right way and she doesn't like that so sh he made makes her more beautiful. Right with her hair and stuff and then in the last picture she shows her friends her portrait it's her portrait and now she's very proud of it and. they are looking at it and I don't think they really agree cos I think that they see that. She's not really looking like that. . Oh most definitely. right i that's certainly true for me really. cos I mean I I have a look a at pictures from from parties and from you know get-togethers. And I'm like no I don't look like that. And I mean that's the same with if you hear yourself if: you hear yourself on tape. Or video tape what's that. I don't have that voice no I don't you know. I think it's more that we have a different perception of ourselves. really because I mean if I look myself if I if I look a myself in the mirror really I I'm still you know. And it's usually you know putting make-up on and you know. Feeling good about myself and then of course I don't see myself in action. The way the way o other people do . So I think it's more the way we we see ourselves . You know from a different point of view. . I don't think I would feel uncomfortable however I don't have an urge to get my portrait done really <end laughter. I don't know where I should you know hang it really or. Why I should have it. Not so much vain but really I know what I look like my boy-friend knows what I look like. And well maybe somewhat wai vain maybe. yeah I think. that would be very very interesting however. Yeah it would so if someone wan wants to do that they can but I won't hang it on my wall . Really. no well . Right. Thank you. well thank you. 