Yes I'd like to tell you something about Iceland. I went there and I thought it looked a lot like the North of Sweden or: Scotland. But it's more wild less people and then they have their volcanoes and boiling mud and hot springs and all the rest. So I found that very interesting. That was about two years ago. in the summer I went there for two months. an exchange programme. So I worked in or just outside Reykjavik for two months. And then I travelled around the country for ten days. was: July and August. And the first week of September and all the. All the Icelandic people thought we were crazy because we were camping in September and they thought. It was winter. But we survived it . It was really different from day to day. Because most of the time it was I had to have long trousers and a sweater and a jacket. But then some days it was just really hot and it was shorts and t-shirt and go swimming so. yeah yeah. no all Icelandic people go swimming a lot cos they have their hot. springs. If you go swimming in the sea then you're mad they don't do that so. No I didn't try. no some of my friends did but. . It's it it varies. It can be: it can be boiling hot can be too hot to go into it but . In all the swimming pools they have this hot pots they call it. And they're about forty degrees. . Unless you're pregnant yeah . They have these warning signs up I think yeah they don't stay in too long. . and they have their their natural ones also I think. Of course all of them are natural water but some are just a stream. Out in the wilderness and you can get into it. yes I did this exchange programme so . We went out for: two weekends once we went to the north and once to the south. And then as well I travelled all around the country so. yeah I wasn't actually a a student. I was just to to work in different Scandinavian countries. so you just apply for what country you would like to go to. And and then if you're lucky you get a note home saying you got this job and you get to stay there and this is the money you will get and you just. Say yes or no. So I just went off for two months . Yes I did. yeah well actually I worked in a family so that's why but. Otherwise it it differs you can stay with a family or you get your own flat or. Yeah. A young boy and a dog. yeah . He was two I think they were just about to have a another boy. and that's why they wanted me to look after the older one. So I was there when the younger one was born. I've done that before so I was an au-pair in Oxford England . And then after that I I liked it and that but I said never again. Cos I didn't want to stay live-in with a family . But when I got this offer to go to Iceland I just said okay one more time. so I did. I liked that. Yeah even though I had a very bad experience to start with I decided to to stay yeah. I think almost all au-pairs have a bad experience at first. . yeah . Everybody moves. Change of family. So but I was just back there three days ago so yes . And I'm going back again next week. To look after the same children. yeah it's very good the family phoned me up and they go on holiday so. They want a babysitter so they phoned me in Sweden and they pay my trip over. And everything. Yeah. Yeah. Oh that's funny yeah. okay . No I didn't think about it that much: I suppose I had more school English than people and and I learnt a lot of slang and that. yes. But I didn't think of it as a local dialect. Just . oh that's nice yeah. . Could be. No they were French actually and and I'm Swiss so but also I haven't. Been to many other places in England so I can't really compare so . But yeah. yes yeah. C level. yeah. Language side. . I'm just about to start. yes yeah I have to: hand in something before I go away next week again so I've got. Lots of things to do now. And it's gonna be about translation. Cos I I translated a book and I don't know how how good. That is but . after I stayed in Oxford. And moved back here to Gothenburg with my boyfriend. And I read this book about Göran Kropp. Who cycled to Mount Everest from Sweden climbed it and then cycled back home. And I thought that my boyfriend would really enjoy this book but he's English and he he couldn't read it so I was unemployed and I was. Staying at my parents' and they had a computer so I just started translating it I just had nothing else to do. And I've just finished it now almost two years later . Cos then I started school and I didn't have much time to do it . But I wasn't gonna do the C course but then I went and asked if I could do something with this translation for my. Essay. And that was okay so that's how I ended up taking this course anyway. . Yeah. yes I've been thinking about it there was a a course in Lund I wanted to take. but they've just stopped it so and I'm not very interested in the one you have. Here so I don't know at the moment but. It was more general. This one is more particular. Areas and also in this one you have to study French. Yes. Or French or German yeah you have to have two languages. Yes. yes basically to work in the E U and I'm not. Interested in that so . That's why I wanted to do the other one. I don't know yet I I don't know my mistakes yet . I've just translated this book really quickly and and of course m most. Of the things then are just words an and stuff. Yeah. at the moment I can't remember them I just remember where I got to this pack list of stuff he had taken with him and it was all repair kits for the. bike and things and I don't even know what they mean. What they are in Swedish so. I couldn't really translate them so: that's what I remember most but then. Of course now I've read it through or I my boyfriend read it through and he found lots of mistakes so I had to do it again. Yeah. Yeah. a lot of just simple ones like forgot an S there or added an S. there and things like that but I have I think I will have to read it through a few more times so. And also it's so much s I don't know how many pages about fifteen chapters or sixteen so. Of course I will find some mistakes. Cos I just wanted to finish it I just wrote and wrote and wrote . 