No I don't think my my dad paints a lot so I guess he used to paint . Yeah. not like as a profession but since he's a. Good painter and he can like he he's done my picture like he's made a portrait a portrait of me when I was younger but . But that was a long time ago now . I can't cos I don't have it still but I just remember that I used to wan that this was when I was a child and I wanted to be a boy and he paint he painted me with l like longer hair than I thought that I had and so. I guess I disliked it for that reason. So . Yeah you could say that he used to work at like in he has sort of used it in his profession I think. So but now he's retired and he I guess he tries to take it more seriously . no I haven't. No not at all. Not for no I mean I did for fun but not like no I don't go and buy like good sort of pencils or you know I d. I don't no cos I really haven't got the gift if you know what I mean so. Yeah of course I mean yeah. Yeah definitely . yeah you always see artistic talents in your children but yeah . but it's really hard to say cos they're so s like small yet but. but we'll see I mean. I haven't really got that far yet but that would be a good idea I guess. I mean I I usually like whenever they we go to my parents' house I will show them my dad's: . Paintings and stuff. of course but like the youngest girl she's only two and a half so I mean. But . yeah he's kind of. A realistic painter yeah. I guess now he's most interested in most interested in painting sort of like really really detailed stuff like a stone but like in really really sort of. close. perspective and detail . so he's into that now. no cos I think he likes abstract art as well. but I don't know I haven't thought of it actually. whether he's inspired me in any way . I think if I'm if I'm buying something it's more of an abstract than realistic. . No I wouldn't I mean I would buy a poster at Louisiana in in like. If I go to like an a museum or something I buy a poster. But I wouldn't sort of buy a like an original . Painting but I mean for for other reasons like than . yeah. yeah exactly. yeah I mean I have I have a painting of his at home . . okay. right . 