yes. Oh it wasn't that recently especially. About two years ago I think. I went to: America to to to take the train across. Yes and cos I've relatives living in Boston so I was staying with them for about two weeks and I took the bus down to New York and stayed with a friend and after that I took the train across and stayed in on the east co west coast for a while and took the: flight back home. Oh yeah it was I I had a seat I didn't have a sleeping coupé or anything so ha I was sitting up for three days or something and three nights terribly exhausting. Yeah because I w w I had a pit stop in Chicago for about eight hours and I went terribly sick. Yeah so. No cos it was terribly cold in Chicago so I caught a cold or something. But it was it was an interesting trip actually cos I cos I had this image of what America would be like when I before I went there. And afterwards it's something entirely different so. well the sort of stereotyped image I guess like>. well I of course I don't I didn't think that all Americans were stupid or anything like that but sort of well New York is more European than than I thought. It would it would be like would be. not really since I was sick I was just sitting and coughing . And dying to have a smoke or so. but . . Oh they did they did more than they do here they're very open I would say. Co compared to Swedish people or maybe that's not fair but people would talk to you more. In the streets. oh there was a cafeteria with all this food in plastic bags which they. Heat up in the microwave. So it wasn't that delicious very . Right . yeah. it's very impressive to to travel through the Rocky Mountains with all these small railroads and. fantastic scenery. And it's so diverse or could you say that. cos the Mid West is just so flat and. Never ending it seem and then y you come to Denver and just like just shueet. Going up. the train arrived just outside of San Francisco and then I stayed at the hostel there for about a week and took the bus down to Los Angeles. . I would say that there is sort of a more relaxed attitude to life in San Franc or on the west coast. But of course that's also a stereotype but in general I think it it's like that. I considering the business and everything in New York sort of the business centre centre. I was just I was fascinated by all of it I didn't I liked San Francisco best I think. Cos it's so beautiful with all its hills and buildings . In the beginning I was a little bit afraid. because it's: it's different. it wasn't like terribly afraid of being mugged or anything but it's just. it's just different so it's not what you're used to. at home so. not really no. Yeah I changed . More positive definitely. Cos I was sort of negatively in I had a negative image of America before I went there. so it's: it was reassuring to to see it and to get to know people they were very friendly and good people. no it was after. yeah. I think it was two years after or something. so but you c you c I co I could feel it in the atmosphere in New York or. my friend who wa who I was staying with he was talking about it quite a lot. Had terrible memories. I don't think so. not really no. I would like to. some day expe expensive . . It was very cheap very very cheap. I think it was about a hundred dollars or something. yeah it's ridiculous no one no one travels across. By train so. yes. . Grey hound buses . not really no. I I I like paintings and I can appreciate them but. I don't paint myself. Or. Modern art I would say. cos it's strange. . I like it's it's the oddities of it . I went to the Metropolitan. There's a lot of Picassos there. And and also the what is it called the museum of modern art in Boston. I think the one in New York was more impressive. Impressive than the modern art museum in Boston. . It was very tantalising when I first got there cos it's so unreal. it's but in the long run I think it becomes a little bit too much or. . yeah exactly or like as if I don't I da I don't matter at all . . . yeah I went up Empire State Building just because I had to cos everyone who went goes to New York has to. you have to go there. yeah it was fantastic view. but . yeah there's a terrace on top of the building which with binoculars and . but you have to put pennies in or something to . Get a view. Not really I don't have a vertigo of any . Degree so . Yeah 'bout ten bucks I think. How. yeah it is. I think there's another building right next to it it's a little bit shorter with a: it's quite quite . . there is I think there is. in there or something. Yeah it's I think it's sa at least as famous as the Empire State. oh I wouldn't like it. I don't know I cos I don't know if I really like big cities or. I do I do love big cities but it's a hate-love relationship I would say. for a short time not for a long time so. oh no they wouldn't. . yeah. Okay. 