okay. no. Oh maybe I should talk about a[eie: film then. . I'd like to talk about a film called . really yes it's called Once We're Warriors. Yeah it's a New Zealand film about the . Maori: minority. yeah I saw it probably five years ago. And wha what I remember the most is that afterwards I couldn't talk . For I dunno half an hour. an hour. yes and I saw it with a good friend of mine. but we just kind of no we can't talk about this. Cos it was so strong and it felt as if someone had hit me with. Something hard. Really. it was: very violent and I think that's and it was very i th. The violence in it was not glo glorified in any any sense at all . and there was a a girl raped too and I remember crying really . You know crying and f feel it I I actually felt like vomiting . so it was very: I I guess you could say: naturalistic. but there was a a sense of hope in it too. So I I s I think that's why I still kind of listen to the feelings that I had cos if it's. Too violent and too raw you just kind of back back off. And don't wanna you don't wanna think about it no more. and I'd never ever I think seen a: New Zealand film. or a film from New Zealand so. a drink drinker as a father and well gangsters kind of. Th the gang the gangs the street life and the t the sense of. Trying to get back to their roots or trying to keep s cling on to their roots. . . rituals as in painting your face or tattoos on your face. And violence as in the rituals. And you had two different brothers d doing different things. and one being involved in a kind of criminal gang or the criminal version of it. Having tattoos and having an iden identity and the other one learning those warrior dances. Which are not I mean it's not violent towards someone but it includes something within you that's like. That expresses violence but it's not. sorry a what . . I don't know well in this film that part of the culture was emphasised. but also the the part of the women as not really being able to: interfere which was say the other part I think the: the the woman who was constantly hit or abused by her husband. And her inability to actually interfere and tell her sons what to do and not to do. a yes but in the end she actually left the husband so there was a she was a strong woman but and then but yeah the warrior I mean the title of the film is Once We're Warriors so . Yeah I supp . I dunno both maybe no not actually . I dunno I think that you you see: being a warrior or being violent as was probably part of the original culture but it's maybe now the only thing that you cling on to the only th the only thing that's left . That you can still express you're not. Maybe not allowed to express it l legally but it's still it's still there . If everything else is you don't have you can't practice your what you're working with or whatever. But you know. . yes but that was not really the the big issue of the film so I ca I can't this. It was long ago I saw it but that's not the thing. That struck me. And it wasn't it wasn't a Maori v versus th the whites it. Was not that it was more a a drama in in in that particular society so. It was. it was that it was an in I think the father I ca if I remember it correctly I the father kind of had some kind of insight . he didn't do anything about it but you could see that he understood. Something. that he believed well that he he saw something and then the the at the the hope was that one of those the sons was sentenced to I dunno what you call it . . . yes oh yes yes yes. Yeah. . that and the son in this youth institution. learns some dances. And I think he performs that dance at the[i:i funeral. yeah and i the one buried is the daughter who ha hung herself because she was raped so in a sense the daughter is. Very much a victim is also some kind of symbol of in the end she's the one who who's buried with a real Maori funeral so. yes they have I haven't seen it though. no. Yes. I like the Impressionists. And the Pre-Raphaelites. Yes. Why cos it leaves something to my own imagination. I think yeah and that since I'm I listen a lot to music and the Impressionists and the impressionist music and I'd I mean I'd rather. I would prefer it to be able to have music with me I mean I could but I don't have a personal stereo . But when I see pictures at the museum well. that's not always possible. yeah I actually we didn't buy it . but well I have many but there is one I can't remember who did it actually but there is one with oph . Is it no it's it's it's Ophelia when she's drowned it's a Pre-Raphaelite. it's very green . Light green . ah maybe you have it upstairs yes ah it's at the. Is it at the Tate yeah or is it. At th the National. or . Yes it is ah I think it's a very s serious situation. but when I look at the painting I laugh . it's so it seems as if the one who paint I dunno it's it's it seems very it's very detailed. And kind of very beautiful. and s it seems to me it mocks the[i:i the the I dunno it does something like that . Maybe it is because I watch I've I've seen it many times with my boyfriend. Who always laughs . and who's. yeah. I'm not sure . But the Pre-Raphaelites were around in the nine nineteenth mid nineteenth century weren't they so. And it was the Victorian era and: I dunno if I'd lived then I would have liked to. Mock everything I think . there's one th the Lady of Shalott or is that the . She's going out in a boat. yeah we another thing with the Pre-Raphaelites is that they painted nude people. but and I dunno in a way that was allowed I suppose it must have been allowed . yeah. yeah but . They are but I think say well I mean I said I like the Impressionists because it left something to my imagination. Maybe that's why I want to: laugh at them. I want to see some of the some of the sense in it or something else. . yeah. Yeah . yeah but since I do seem to m laugh about it I dunno at I'nt t I haven't thought much about it . . . oh I dunno I dunno the names of them I'm. terrible with names . . I dunno really I don't even know if I'm right when I is Turner Impressionist or do yo what do you call him. I mean he looks very Impressionist to me cos he's. Very blurry . Yeah there's one if I I never mind if it's Impression Impressionist but there's one with a train. Coming and there's a h a hare. At the side of the track. And everything else is really blurry. And I saw that and I read some explanation about it which struck me as very good that the this is like the industrialism coming and the hare is some kind of symbol of: nature and and. Everything else being still very blurry although the train. Is coming. and I liked that very much. Yeah. yeah pff I dunno I don't paint . maybe if I could my father painted a lot when he was young and he. Did stuff that I have at my place that he did he's more . I think inspired by the Surrealists I think yeah drea it was. He painted dreams that he had which were oh god yeah so . I think i I suppose if I would have wanted to paint I would probably have wanted to do it like my father so. Yeah. yes yeah a hobby he had and strangely enough never developed it and . Yeah. I found a a suitcase with a lot of sketches. And it was his sketches and I said why haven't you you know done something about it no: he's d that's I. Think that's one of his big main regrets in life. . Yeah. that's it well yeah thank you I hope you got. 