. yes it's very of c oh I say of course but I like the more traditional ones. Where you can actually see what it is. Like them more but it's very interesting to go to a modern to places where they show modern art too cos it's so much fun. well it's fun because especially if you bring a friend and you walk around and you try to give a name to the different things. And try to: find out what what the painter was thinking about a and it's really a lot of fun. Because often it's not at all what you don't get the real name. you don't even get close to the real name of the painting but but in that way you can you remember the things that you've seen. And you enjoy it instead of just walking around and saying oh that's horrible and that's ugly and that's kind of nice it's that is boring. . no: no it it's just it's just fun to look at once in a while. See what has happened in the world of arts. But I don't really think that it's beautiful so I. I would like beautiful things on my walls. yeah. They have a lot of museums on the mall there the big mall. I've been there but they're so they're so hug and so many floors that I don't really remember. What I've seen even though . . Yeah twice . I w I don't think I was impressed because I've seen it on pictures before so it wasn't wasn't strange to me but I'm I feel sorry for the people living there because it's so I mean the sun doesn't reach down to the. To the ground and you walk between these huge buildings and it's all dark and chilly and cold. It was I was there in the winter though so that explains it but . it's s it's so depressing I think it's depressing even though it's very . Impressing too poe the fact the fact that you can actually construct these things. but I didn't like it. Yes in a way but it's it's kind of you know cold power it's. Impersonal. No . Maybe . no. It's nice f for a monument or two. but not no I don't understand how they can live there. Poor people. in Washington n n no building can be higher than the Washington Monument I think. so the the city itself is very low. And I think that's that's much better than New York. they ha th their monuments and buildings are very very big and very wide and very white. but they're not very tall. . I think so I don't exactly remember the story behind it. But it's the: Washington Monument that is the the . Big thing . Yes but the White House is so small . It's so small yes. funny. How small it seems when you you're standing there. but it's nice. Yes . It's cute . . thank you. 