yeah for the for the season the season starts about April so I did my first trip this year to London just before Easter and then: it's basically who the whole summer till October sometime we we have this kind of autumn holiday here in Sweden. so that's basically that that time in October. so now what happens so I'll be I will go to this London trip on Saturday and that's for seven days come home Midsummer night evening Midsummer evening then I'll have to stay in Malmö because it's there's no time for me to to get back here so I'll have to stay two nights there and then I go Sunday morning for a twelve twelve day trip to Scotland for another company and that's a new thing for me so that's a bit I'm a bit nervous at the moment but I think I'll I'll get that sorted out as well but that's a twelve day trip so it's it's quite a long trip so it's we're going to York and Stratford upon Avon Chester Durham we we are going to s see more because usually I just go that way back to Scotland and back. And we pass these little nice places and I we never have time to go there really. But this time it's it's a longer trip so we have time to to see the cathedrals and to see Stratford and everything so. So that will be nice and then: I I'm back in Malmö for two nights again and then I'm going to do this the the usual Scotland trip that I that I usually do so for my own company or the company I usually work for so that will be a month now I guess that's a bit long time to be away from home but it's it's okay . And then five day five days off here in in Gothenburg and then this Italy thing so yeah. Yeah hopefully I'll I'll earn a lot . That's that's the main main thing it is very nice to to get to to go away on these trips but it's of course you you do it for the the money. It's good money. yeah I think so hopefully this this is probably the the last the last course I will take at the university ever maybe not but that's that's the plan. Because I haven't got any more money to do it and then so I'll I'll work with the trips with the coach trips maybe till September October and then me and another friend friend of mine she's actually a a courier too work for the . Competi yeah competition company and we plan to go to South Africa for a month. If I earn enough money so that will be nice because I have a very good friend in South Africa she comes from South Africa and I met her when I worked as an au pair in London so and we haven't seen each other since then and that was ninety six ninety seven sometime. so that's quite quite a while we've kept in touch but not not really we hav we haven't seen each other so that will be nice hopefully to see and she's going to to show us her South Africa and that will be very very good I think because she she knows all the places and where to go and what to see and. she lives in in the very South almost along the coast and so if you well Cape Town and then then you go you follow the coast just South and it's do you know South Africa. yeah it's its' there's a town called Port Elizabeth. Yeah in the South East and then so almost in the middle of Cape Town and Port Elizabeth she lives there so. We'll hope to to go to Cape Town and Port Elizabeth and to to see the East coast because that's like surfing paradise if you like to go surfing. I I won't but . Just to go there and to get a tan in November that's always nice to get a tan in November . So we'll see we'll see about that and then after that I'll I'll need to to get a job so we'll see what what happens I'm not sure what I want to do really . I trained to become a teacher but I'm not very interested in that at the moment so maybe so some some kind of education perhaps but with maybe older at a company or things like that but we'll we'll see. maybe if if I'm going to work at at a company there will probably the education will probably have to be something in the in the company wh what they do but in English I guess because they they normally want you to to be very very fluent in English and then: so I I I'm not really sure what to what it it could be but we'll see I'm not I'm not very nervous about it because I can always work as a teacher that's no problem. I think I think there will be lots of jobs in teaching so. So we'll see. Yeah so. 