Mhm: okay shall I start. Okay I'll take a country that I've visited I've only been to two countries. No no no no no I've been to several but I've been to England a lot and I r I really like England hem I'm I'm impressed by: the people oh well I'm I'm not sure impressed maybe is not the word but . Yeah no the people are really nice they're always very polite sort of they have an attitude that is well they're funny: and and nice and quite helpful and and I like the country because it's really beautiful. And well I've I've only been to London and Brighton well I've been to Cornwall as well. I have yeah well and s it's sort of the the general attitude it's different from the one in Sweden I think I think it's a bit more easy going there. they're I know they're strict in some ways like when you work in offices and things I think the dressing code is more strict there. Than in Sweden but then when when it's not when you're not in an office I mean the general dressing code is more relaxed there. Than here so yeah I like I like England. yeah it is very crowded and all the houses are like stuck together and everything but I think it's like sixty million people living in London and it's like eight. Sixteen yeah okay and it's like ten million. yeah exactly well and so yeah it's crowded it's a bit everything is a bit old in England but compared to Sweden but is quite it's a bit is nice . London is a bit too big it's nice to be there like a couple of days or something is it's too big and is people are stressed and things Brighton is a bit more relaxed . I really like that and it's on the coast as well that's nice. Oh that's wonderful and all the pubs they have and I mean for shopping it's excellent. The North Lanes. In yeah they've got nice shops and yeah it is it's a bit it's a bit expensive if you live there. But well. you mean hou hou. I lived in two different houses first I I used to stay with three anarchists. or two because I really wanted to you know live with English people and everything I thought that was really cool but they never did the washing up and they never cleaned and . it was and the guy who owned the place he had three cats and he didn't want to give them . you know anti flea thingy because he thought it was cruel to the cats and to the fleas and everything. so I had like fleas in my bed. so after a month I moved out and I moved in with a with a family and they were: religious but very nice but their house they were their house was so tidy and there was no mould anywhere and it was you know flowers and everything that was really nice. Nice change and they were very nice as well so I really liked that . for: a year or two two terms I I did the B and C course there. The University of Sussex. And I I I really want to go back I I like it so much. And the spring comes early there they have all the daffodils everywhere that we don't have in Sweden. yeah. I'm gonna finish my D level essay and I've studied religion before and I have an essay to finish there as well. so and this autumn I I hopefully I'll start working as a teacher I'm looking for jobs. And I'll do that for a year and then I'll do the year . S so then I'll be a qualified teacher. So: hopefully in two years I'll be a qualified teacher . well because I've done religion and English and I can't really think of anything else that's one reason then I think it's i I think it's interesting. I think I would I think I could be a good teacher. it's nice to: make people interested in what you're interested in yourself I think. and religion you can I think you can have really interesting discussions on religion I'll probably have classes with many different people having different religions. And . yeah yeah exactly upper secondary I think you call it. not college. yeah. yeah okay yeah you know you can discuss ethics and morals and things like that that's what I'm interested in and English and well I think it seems like a nice job and you get holidays and. yeah and I'm quite a good organiser so I think I I can do well no I think it suits me and I'm good I I think I'm quite good with people as well. . Yeah getting getting a bad class and if I if I can't get control of them because that that could happen that you sort of just don't get on with them but I think also when you've worked for a couple of years hopefully you learn things I think the th the trick is not to get upset or angry too easily I mean you shouldn't be nice you shouldn't be too nice and too friendly but you shouldn't be: try to be a sort of ruler or anything either I think something in between is the best whatever that is yeah. Yeah. no nothing my dad's a teacher that's probably why I'm becoming a teacher as well yeah. Hobbies. No no no well yeah studying all the time actually I'm playing the bass. that was quite a long time I haven't played in three years almost but now I've I've I've joined a: blues band. I think they liked me . well and . sorry. where it's a place called Bellevue in Gothenburg . if you know where that is yeah no. No no it's quite nice. No it's a: rehearsal room studio thing. yeah no I think I've I've played with bands before and usually but in this band the the the guy that sort of leads it he writes all the song material. Himself and he really wants to get out and play in clubs and things so I think this this is different. that would be cool to play out. the trouble is I'm quite short and the bass is really big and it's very heavy and so. Yeah . Ah I think bass is the coolest intru instrument and the drums but I can't I can't get a drum kit into my flat it's the bass is easier. No they wouldn't so: no the bass is nice and I think bass players they look cool you know when they have the big bass and yeah. You can sit if you want to and I guess when you play when you play blues it's different I think you can sit if you like but I think I'll stand I do some weight training . no I think I wanted to play more rock music but I played with some rock bands it's difficult because I'm twenty eight and the l the musical level that I'm on usually if you want to join a rock band on the same level it would be sort of teenage guys around fifteen years old so yeah. Yeah exactly I can ask them if they want to join my band yeah no so that's that's one reason but I like blues as well. it's cool and nice yeah. Yeah. Yeah what's what's that Dorian Gray. . . Okay yeah I remember the name. okay I'll read it. yeah. 