I would like to go all over the world but no specific place I don't know something warm I would like to see Australia and of course I want to go to the U S sometime. And I want to see more of Europe only only been to England and Germany so. so as much as I can see . I have my essay left so I know what I have to do this summer . and I don't know I've I'm not sure I'm gonna do this autumn but I don't know work or school. It's about French loan words in English . And within semantic field emotions so. I have looked at when one specific French loan word comes into English which year and if it's if it has changed you know the meanings. . there're about fifty words I think but I haven't used all of them only a few . . . . I really would like to be a translator but but then you have to be really good . And I think I have to live abroad for a while that shouldn't be a problem I hope so. everything . economic yeah I think that's most of the jobs are you know technical texts or economic texts and so but it's not I don't think you can work with translating books there aren't many jobs at that I think so. . yeah so that's what I want to do but I've thought about being a teacher too so maybe I'll try both . so that's my plans . free time I try to no free time I I see my friends an' as much as I can and now I work you know summer job. In a food store here in Gothenburg so I worked one week and I'm exhausted I'm not used to that getting up early. it's called ICA Matbiten it's on . . So I'm going there now after this interview. . work all day. . you have to get the money. To survive the summer. Yes I do but I'm not from Gothenburg in the beginning I grew up in Kalmar on the East coast . Have you been there . No. But you know where it is. near Öland. . south sou yes yes. on the east coast so I moved here is it four years ago. . . I had my boyfriend here . And I: I was on vacation here around ninety two or ninety three and I I fell in love with the city so and then I met him and yeah it was perfect . Yeah perfect . So I moved here as soon as I could . The people and the atmosphere it's. people are so nice here friendly you know open. . yeah I think so people are more suspicious and you know closed or what do you say more. Snobbish maybe I don't know. It's a . . it is . it's not that small but it's smaller and I don't know more cold atmosphere there I think so I love Gothenburg . . . yeah now I am so absolutely . it's a it's a big town but it feels like a small town I think . It's not that huge that you get lost so I like it it's perfect. for me . 