yes. it's not exactly an experience more like a a bad period in life a former boyfriend. I used to have used to date which it was not a very good relationship and: the thing about it was that it's it went on too long. So what I learnt from it was that I should have broken up earlier. because I wasted way too many months on this years actually . On this on this person who I don't ha even have any contact with today. It was more than two years. So i it was long for me I was only it was it was between I was eighteen and twenty I could have done better things with a man with my time . . it took up all of my time and it got to a point where things my friends said to me good things it didn't really matter the only thing that mattered was what he said to me. So he was y controlled my life too much. . I thought it was a good relationship but I I was warned by all my friends and my family and . That made me eager to prove them wrong . . we were I don at a glance at it we were kind of the same we liked the same kind of music the same things to do but I think we w were very different on the inside. We had a different way to think he was very black and white with everything. And I liked to analyse things . A lot more . Too much actually. I discussed. He he didn't really want to talk which made me sad and then I wanted to talk more and then he got sick of talking. So. . I just try to tell my friends that are in the situation what I experienced and how I felt and what I tried to do to feel better and I tell them it that it took over a year for me to feel good again after this relationship was over over and I don't want that to happen for them so I try to tell them to just think about oth other things and just do things that are fun for yourself and not for just be a little bit more selfish. if they ask for help you should interfere. Maybe that's not in interfering. That's basic basically just helping I think you should interfere . If it not not at f first maybe if they don't see any of the warning signs. If it goes on too long. Then you should maybe say something but on the other hand it didn't really help for me when other people tried to interfere so I don't know really. . I listened but I didn't hear . Not for me. maybe for other people. Yeah I'm ver very much so I haven't been in a long relationship since. I think so. . I wrote my B-level essay on this subject . Yeah . It has. Thank you. no not really just more pictures. photographs not really paintings. No I haven't I haven't I haven't really no I haven't done it I haven't. Even thought of it. s. no I don't kn when I walk around in the town I I don't like sitting down for that long . I do I wouldn't want to. Yeah I think so otherwise they could just take a photograph and have the have the honest picture of you . I accept it . . I mean sometimes I I look good in a photograph if it's a close up and I open my eyes really big. Then I can look good but it's it's been a long time since I had a lot of photographs taken. In years except for like party photographs when you're drinking and. they can look kind of funny. I haven't had a real photograph taken like a like a like a photographer where. At school you did in high school but it's a long time ago now . I would have a little dog in front of me. and then my parents behind no I I think I would like to do like a nude picture. Yeah. Because that would have been funny to see how it would be I haven't done it in a professional way. yeah. Yes I would do that. yeah. . Thank you. 