. okay. Okay. right. Okay. okay I'll choose topic number one an experience: I've had which taught me an important lesson. That would be definitely my Up with people experience I don't know if you [know about the organisation. travelled for a year in the U S Canada and Western Europe. And of course there was a lot of singing and acting and a lot of. Travelling. And I learned a lot about the stage experience the performing the technical aspects of it but I think the thing that I usually bring up when I talk about it is learning to: to take something out of every moment in my life that it's not . being at an expensive restaurant in Paris that is: important but it's rather what I what I make of it. What that I you have to: see: the positive aspects of everything every experience. what else can I say I guess that I learned that from from being with a lot of different kinds of people who were sometimes difficult. and there was a lot of hard work and sometimes just wanting to get out of there and go back home but sticking with it and trying to see: what I could learn from it. And also staying with different families we stayed in host families and some of those experiences were pretty difficult. And I just had to sort of be able to laugh at the difficult situations be able to to see it a as something interesting: or something that was difficult and maybe: very: uncomfortable at the time but a few years down the road I'm able to laugh at it I'm able to to tell people about it and it makes. A good story. yes we were we were a pretty small group in fact that was more than one hundred persons. And twenty of those were staff . responsible for. I went to see a show . A job I actually paid to get to do it but I went to see a show here in Sweden and after the show we got the opportunity to make an. Interview. To in order for them to see: if I would be suitable and then: I'd get some. Forms some papers to fill out to show my motivation and my . Qualities. yes. well actually not everybody has to be able. To perform. I: sing and I cou I could participate in that aspect of it a lot . But we also have of course other sort of performers and also the marketing. part of it has to be done there are people that are mainly interested in marketing mainly interested in the intercultural part of it. It's called actually it is an educational programme and that has to do with not. Only being educated and performing perf form ming arts but also to learn about other cultures and to:. Learn to be: active and. and take initiative. Yes:. Yes:. There are always people going travelling ahead to a city in order to get host families. And in order to get sponsors and make sure that all the facilities are in order. . Between: between two nights and seven nights I would say. the average stay was two or three. Three nights I would. Think. Yeah . Yes . Hard to get back to . Ooh I'd love to . yes I miss all that. no but. Perhaps I wouldn't want to do it in this extreme kind of situation. cos it was: very strenuous: was both psychologically and and physically. it was working days from seven to one at nights. Yeah. well not every day but if there was a show day. We'd have to set up. The stage. everything. yeah. Do all of that. 