. Yes. that was fifteen years ago actually. Yeah I was young and I stayed there for about seven months and I worked as an au pair girl and as a tourist guide. London. . Oh yes with a family. And: I took care of two children and I also studied a bit of English and took the Cambridge certificate of proficiency. In English. And I liked London but I don't know if I would like to live there right now. the not at this stage of my life I've two small children . Now but it's nice t city to to live in when you when you're young . I think that was we quite well actually because the mother was Swedish and . you had to get used to a bit of different customs and so on but I'm not I. I don't think I was very typically Swedish with that because I've had a sort of we had a lot of international guests and I was sort of not brought up the same way as everybody else in Sweden so I. Was a bit more used to to different customs especially English customs and . Yes I looked after the children . yeah: in a way it was because I was only twenty then. So I but the they weren't very small they were five and eight I think so they. We we they weren't very small children so it was a bit difficult when you're that young. I'd just lived at home with my parents when I came . And look after two children but sort of no I think I managed quite well because they they left me alone with the children and went for vacation for two weeks. Yes. Yeah. yes yeah. Yes they were but sometimes but you had to cope with that sort of . well tell them not to be and. sort of bring them up a bit . no no I didn't do that no. I I wouldn't have done it anyway because. I'm I'm very much against that but . they. No they didn't do that. No so we had no problem with that. But of course I was a bit more a allowed more things than the the parents did because they were very strict with what they could the children could do and not do and . I was younger and I didn't have ver the experience . I'm ve very much more strict with my own children now . Yes I've well you grow up. And you: see things differently perhaps. but oh I've just become an adul adult myself then I wasn't really. Maybe I wasn't really up to the r responsibility or you know with bringing the children up but. Of course I were not they didn't leave me that long with the children I m they they brought the children up and I just sort of tended to them. when they worked it was more like that. oh yes. oh yes I did. very much indeed I did and I actually had they had two apartments in the apartment building where I lived so I had a small flat of my own. so well I couldn't bring people just anybody there. So they were friends that they the family had met and so on so . un unfortunately mostly Swedish friends because . That's how it works when you come to a different country I. Think it out it's difficult to get native. friends because. Well you meet people out s in pubs and so on but they we talked to them but it's very difficult to sort of get into a social life I found that anyway maybe. It's more it's better now I don't know because. The borders are more open now with. The ye E U and so on but . It is it is. yes well at first it was a big difference of course. But I think the most difficult thing was the traffic . Yes but you know I looked the wrong way in the streets because the. Drive on the on the . Left side and that was very difficult and then I didn't drive until I'd been there for about four or five months I didn't. Dare to. and they had to take an extra insurance for me . No they didn't actually but I I took the children once myself out to the country. when they were away that was a bit of a trick to get out of they lived in double you one area. So you had to get out and up to somewhere outside Oxford I can't remember. the name of it. Of the village now but up to their country the cottage and that was a bit of a hard drive <laughs . But so driving was a bit difficult. Roundabouts . I don't know if you've thought. About that when you live in Sweden. yeah when you live in Sweden and you compare when you come back to England. Don't you think about the roundabouts when you go the. . . That was difficult I think. . Yes he was English yeah. yes I think so but I think that was mostly because he considered himself upper class very much so . It was more a th I think the the class mattered very much more. In England than in Sweden in Sweden and we're not really used to that in Sweden not in the same way he was very conscious about his background and . About the way his children were supposed to be brought up traditionally I think that was the greatest difference and otherwise I don't think they treated me as a servant. they were very good about that and he was also very good about that because he was but I think that was because he trusted me he said I I was probably more res more responsible than the other au-pair girls they had. Before so . no they were not really equal. He was the boss he was no he was he was I think they discussed and talked about things but when they had a difference of opinion he was the one who decided I think. not not not the kind of marriage I would like to have . I'm married myself so I know . But of course when I was twenty I didn't really know very much about . home about being married to someone so . But I was a bit surprised that she she was Swedish that she accepted that. that. Maybe it had to do with their personalities as well because. He was very he was a very dominant personality and she was not she was not very dominant she was very meek what do you call it . . Yes I did and I spoke English to the children and to him. but I spoke Swedish to her yeah when there were only . The two of us. But if the children were present or or the husband were present we spoke English. Yes. no not really but it was only it was more practical it was a bit silly actually speaking English when there was only the two of us. We talked about practical things. And so on and that was . I think she choose that she choose to speak. Swedish to me so so I did that. To her then but I I think I got a lot of practice anyway. speaking English so. Unfortunately no they sent me some po Christmas greetings I think once or so but I'm well I moved from home and I'd started with studying and so on. it's just slipped away sort of. Yes. unfortunately I didn't but sometimes I regret that I didn't do that. Because maybe I would have done better now when I'm older or wiser . I would have been more. Careful about it but . I I think the oldest one would because he was nine actually when I left and. He didn't actually have any more he he went to a public school. a boarding school. After that which I can't. Remember the name of I was there. but I can't remember the name of it . yes probably then he went to m I think he liked it at school. because I had you know I had one letter a year after and . I think he he enjoyed his school. The parents said . I don't know . No not really I'm not very talented and I'm not really. I don't know very much about art . Yes yes I do I I enjoy . . they could be. if it's an interesting person i if the portrait is tells you something if it's in an interesting face. could be. yes. . No it's not just the appearance it should reveal the something of the soul of the person. As well. but I I mean that could be difficult if the painter doesn't know the person that . Maybe they can see is things. I don't know really I haven't really thought about it it depends on who is painting it I think. I I don't think I would I've seen a lot of portraits that have not been very nice I do. Yes I've I've friends who had their portraits made. And I don't really think they been very I mean pleasant sort of to speak but it doesn't look like the person I know . so. I don't know I'm very doubtful. . No I don't know really because sometimes the the picture looks better than the person I think . Reality. And that's not really right. but I I'm not sure really maybe I should have done my if I'm if I'm supposed to be a bit vain I should have done my portrait fifteen years ago. And not now . but it's . it's very it's very different about photographs because if you have snapshots when I'm not prepared. I don't like those snapshots because you could get a very long face. in a way and you know studio photos that's all right because. They always make you yeah I like them but I. I don't really I have to be honest about that I don't really like snapshots of myself. Because if it always tend to get me you know in a frozen moment because otherwise you move your face all the time. You don't you're not still in that frozen moment. . . That's it all right. 