yeah I do actua my father's my father's an ar artist so I have like experience but yeah I like looking at paintings but I'm not I don't do it very often I mean. Maybe at home or I don't go to museums and and. Things like that very often. That's that's the hard the hard thing because it's very hard to be objective. I think because when I remember when I was when I was younger I just thought that they were really ugly. because he sort of when he draw a line he didn't draw it straight and you know it was sort of like I th I th I th remember saying that that it doesn't look like a real person you know if you need a portrait you doesn't I don't I don't have those you know red streaks on my chee cheeks and. Stuff like that so but now as I am getting older I I s I think that he's really really talented and he's really good. it is a a bit more ac abstract but it's not it's not he has this this this thing for painting landscapes and animals right now so. It's mostly so he paints real things it's not s just out of his head. He went to Borås Djurpark. For example and painted lions and and other animals but he's most mostly lions I think and tigers. Yeah but it's a: a and also he he does sculptures and some sculpturing and stuff. Yeah he is he: he actually he was an artist just he he he had some exhibitions and so he got he got by. But now he's a principal for an art school actually. In Gothenburg. too halftime so. Yeah I do I don't paint very often: nowadays because I you know it's it's such an effort to bring up the all the equipment and the. Pai and the pen brushes and all that so now I mostly I I like to draw. just like that. Yeah but I'm I'm: I like I I more than I like doing portraits that are really realistic I like doing sort of caricatch caricatures. And my friends say they tell me to please can you can you draw me s and I know. Sometimes once m one of my friends she was really upset because she didn't like it and the way she looked so now I I'm I sort of avoid d doing the caricatures. I try to m make them s sort of realistic. no not very often it's maybe if I don't like s a teacher I might. Do it . okay. That's it thank you . 