I liked that. Yeah even though I had a very bad experience to start with I decided to to stay yeah. I think almost all au-pairs have a bad experience at first. . yeah . Everybody moves. Change of family. So but I was just back there three days ago so yes . And I'm going back again next week. To look after the same children. yeah it's very good the family phoned me up and they go on holiday so. They want a babysitter so they phoned me in Sweden and they pay my trip over. And everything. Yeah. Yeah. Oh that's funny yeah. okay . No I didn't think about it that much: I suppose I had more school English than people and and I learnt a lot of slang and that. yes. But I didn't think of it as a local dialect. Just . oh that's nice yeah. . Could be. No they were French actually and and I'm Swiss so but also I haven't. Been to many other places in England so I can't really compare so . But yeah. yes yeah. C level. yeah. Language side. . I'm just about to start. yes yeah I have to: hand in something before I go away next week again so I've got. Lots of things to do now. And it's gonna be about translation. Cos I I translated a book and I don't know how how good. That is but . after I stayed in Oxford. And moved back here to Gothenburg with my boyfriend. And I read this book about Göran Kropp. Who cycled to Mount Everest from Sweden climbed it and then cycled back home. And I thought that my boyfriend would really enjoy this book but he's English and he he couldn't read it so I was unemployed and I was. Staying at my parents' and they had a computer so I just started translating it I just had nothing else to do. And I've just finished it now almost two years later . Cos then I started school and I didn't have much time to do it . But I wasn't gonna do the C course but then I went and asked if I could do something with this translation for my. Essay. And that was okay so that's how I ended up taking this course anyway. . Yeah. yes I've been thinking about it there was a a course in Lund I wanted to take. but they've just stopped it so and I'm not very interested in the one you have. Here so I don't know at the moment but. It was more general. This one is more particular. Areas and also in this one you have to study French. Yes. Or French or German yeah you have to have two languages. Yes. yes basically to work in the E U and I'm not. Interested in that so . That's why I wanted to do the other one. I don't know yet I I don't know my mistakes yet . I've just translated this book really quickly and and of course m most. Of the things then are just words an and stuff. Yeah. at the moment I can't remember them I just remember where I got to this pack list of stuff he had taken with him and it was all repair kits for the. bike and things and I don't even know what they mean. What they are in Swedish so. I couldn't really translate them so: that's what I remember most but then. Of course now I've read it through or I my boyfriend read it through and he found lots of mistakes so I had to do it again. Yeah. Yeah. a lot of just simple ones like forgot an S there or added an S. there and things like that but I have I think I will have to read it through a few more times so. And also it's so much s I don't know how many pages about fifteen chapters or sixteen so. Of course I will find some mistakes. Cos I just wanted to finish it I just wrote and wrote and wrote . 