music and literature. Anything nearly I love jazz. Blues. And the new like technotr technological music as well some. Of it Drum and Bass I like. I love reggae. Yep . always get back to reggae and some classical music I like as well. I have a hard time with opera but I do. . it's hysterical I think. but . if you're there and watching it it's. Different you get the whole experience I suppose. I used to play the guitar when I. Was out travelling a lot. Was busking. But then you get bored because you see you do Streets of London Hotel California and and all these like ten times every day . And since then I haven't really played the guitar at all . Yeah. yeah yeah. Not because I'm good but because people are nice give. Me money . Yeah I always read a lot of books . yeah. Magical Realism I think it is however you want to define. The term but yeah all those Spanish Magical Realism. yeah. yeah and I love the African authors as well which I. Classify as Magical Realism. Ben Okre is one of my favourites. and: yeah Indians as well of course Salman Rushdie. I love magical books. I do. I like fantasy but it's I dunno it's different. I read it for for dunno relaxing in a different way. Doesn't make me think . Yeah. But then now there's lots of new authors both of fantasy and science-fiction. I think that I haven't given a chance. That are maybe better than what I know as fantasy. I think . Are you one of these I'll get I was gonna write an essay now about Magical Realism and I'm gonna wri . I'm gonna tell these people on the science-fiction that they're not gonna steal this term for their work yeah. . Gosh yeah . Yep . No cos many I mean cos science-fiction has had a bad name in literature. and now it's changing. Cos there is good science-fiction and and I. I know that yeah but but when when the good science-fiction started to. Come. People didn't want to call it science-fiction. Because it didn't sound it sounded as if it would be like all the other fresh . Science-fictions so they called it Magical Realism. Yeah or somebody did anyhow yeah. or the academics maybe I don't know. 