Yes it was well I've been to England. For I was there from ninety-five till ninety-eight sort of more or less the whole time but I I don't know if it impressed me really . Bu yeah I had a really good time there and now I went back in February and it was: just so strange to go back to a place where you've lived for such a long time and to sort of see: live the ordinary life that I had when I stayed there cos in the end you know it becomes like an ordinary life even if it is in another country. so yeah tha I. In London. Yeah in:. well God a lot . First I was working working as an au pair. just a completely different family not from the upper class or anything so . I don't know if that matter but they were really nice to me and it was a single mother. . And she had a son he was four then now he's ten can't believe it. God yeah and her husband or I don't even know if he was her husband but the boy's father had actually left her like a year before I got there. . He was he was really weird actually South Africa to work there for four months so and he never got back. Sad isn't it well he did actually get back when I was there he got back for a week or something so he just turned up because it was his house. And he was just standing in the kitchen one day when I was working well working sort of making breakfast or something he was just get her son and take him: yeah take him with him. Yeah so. . then I worked in a restaurant pizza express. have you been there . they have restaurants now all over England I think is more famous than. McDonalds there now yeah. Sort of a big big big restaurant chain say yeah it was quite nice I worked as a: waitress just serving drinks and pizzas and wine and everything. yeah they did really well and all the chefs and everything but the company was quite horrible so they didn't I know now cos I have a friend who still works for them in Newcastle actually . And they had an interview with the sort of manager the head manager or whatever on TV because he didn't want to have minimum wage. horrible so when I was working there I earned three pounds: twenty an hour something that's awful. but then we had we sort of you got the tips after that which was more than the wages. so. yeah and then but then I studied as well as I got money from Sweden. After six months or so I studied tourism. In England yeah and I was: good but it happened it hadn't hasn't sort of: taken me anywhere yet . yeah in that restaurant. yeah. Yeah it did cos it was just we used to go to this pub like every night . And we went there now me and my friend from Newcastle she came down to. just visit our other friend from France as well so we went to this pub and all the people who used to go there they were still there . So li yeah nothing had changed in three years so yeah that was strange and you know all these people that I used to see every day . And now. No not to live there no. I don't know it sort of yeah as I said it just became: like ordinary life. It wasn't that exciting any more to: live there. After three years so and I got a bit I don't know homesick I wouldn't say homesick but I went back because my sister she had a baby. and. No no she's in . no I came back to Sweden. Because my sister. Yeah had a baby and then I was going to take my driving licence as well and that took like a year . So I just ended up staying here. Now but no I don't know you just feels so spoilt here in Sweden and I like that. Yeah . All with the bath tub and. You know there's hot and cold water and I don't know I just like my mom said li yeah you are old now because . yeah. No because you know I'm no I wouldn't I know me and my friend we stayed in a tiny tiny tiny room smaller than this one two people and the rent was electricity so we had to put coins into. and then in the middle of the night it was just freezing cold and we didn't have any fifty p coins so we had to go and buy something to get money to put into the machine so we would get electricity and we had one of the beds in the sort of wardrobes so we and we took it out at night and I just can't believe that I used to. Live like that . . yeah and now I got a really nice flat and it is cheap and everything so why should I go back and. And I would like to go back for couple of months maybe bu. not to live there no. . Yeah exactly. 