Number two. . Number two is about a country that I visited and: I: immediately thought about. New Zealand because I went there last: last year in: March April. it was. it was because my: boyfriend he studied there in Auckland. So after two-and-a-half months or something like that I: visited him. Yeah. and: he had Easter holiday then so we went sort of hiking around and. Well we went with a bus company the Kiwi Experience I think it's quite famous. It's it's related sort of with Oz: Oz: something:. In in Australia Oz Experience something like that and so we went round . The northern island. island and well we went skydiving. and and I I must say the n the nature or the landscape in New Zealand it's it's something that you have to experience you ca you can't really explain it because it's it's breathtaking and you: you just you ju I mean we stayed. At should I just keep on talking. yeah . Because we I mean we went to there ar there aren't ve very many: big cities in: in New Zealand. It's Auckland and then it's nothing so. And we went to a small place I can't remember the name but it was yeah River Valley it was situated in: besi in well beside a river and in a valley and it was just. A lodge there. and people stayed in big sort of dormitories. And it was just a lodge and they: they cooked excellent food and you just i well they had a volleyball field outside. But that was it and then you just sat there and relaxed and I mean it didn't bother me because: it was just so relaxing to be there. . . It's everything because well I didn't go to: to the: southern i island and i I mean they have sort of Norwe Norwegian: fjords. There and: things like that but it's sort of the forest is: . Sort of like ours but it's different kinds of trees so it's to me it seems more. and and it's uphill and downhill and and. They have what do you say we went what do you say w white water rafting as well and we went into caves and. I mean they have everything. I don't think that you could do all of those things here perhaps in: . Norland . I didn't s yeah well we went to the zoo. But I didn't see any: any wild animals. No I didn't. only: at the zoo so that's very . yes. Yes they do but only small ones. well I think that was: sort of a very good or very: they had many animals there and it wasn't just it wasn't just . New Zealand animals. but. Yeah the kiwi bird. I didn't see it. I mean they say that they had one . but it only came out sometimes. yeah . So you had to be lucky to see it but I. Didn't. . Yeah . Yeah so y you don't: you don't do it sort of by yourself but you you're tr strapped to: a dive master sort of and well y you. Prepare yourself before you go up in the air. And they they tell you how to: keep your hands and head and everything. And then: when you stand looking down I think we jumped from twelve. Twelve thousand feet. And and then it's really good to have someone back o behind you because I w I th I don't don't think that I would take the step by. Myself so he just. Yeah and he's behind and he says okay here we go and then w he leans forward and a I mean you have to go with him . So. No. no not really but I came up with the i with the idea and I knew that he wouldn't be against it sort of so he said wow do you want to do that I. Didn't think that of you okay so: let's let's do it okay and . I was very positive. All the time until I saw him standing there and preparing to jump out because he was the o person jumping b before me. And I thought no will we ever. See each other again . it was that it was just great I wa I wasn't afraid when we had jumped then it was just a great feeling and we jumped over Lake one of the biggest lakes in New Zealand I think and they have this. Volcanic area. And they have four volcanoes that's sort of oh you know well th they are around the lake and so we jumped over the lake and after the freefall I think it was about three: minutes that you we just it felt like you were lying still in the air and it was a great day it was . A blue sky and it was sunny and I think it was around one o'clock in the afternoon and . It was well it's difficult to des describe . No because I had someone: who filmed me as well . so that was that was really it was funny . No not all the time but it's a really funny feeling to have someone. Lying in front of you in the air like this . It was you just got . yeah. Yeah because they made a I don't know what you s: call it in English when you sort of flip. yeah in the air when we when we went out we did a somersault in the air. And and well. y yeah I I did because they didn't film they didn't film until or di yes they did they filmed all the time but I I. Don't think I noticed. yeah a bit. but I was. It was I mean I understand people who who: who skydive. I mean: because it's such a: you get such a kick from it. and I think you could be addicted to it. you could get addicted to it. I think well about the same time he: or yeah I think so because he just told me to to: well sort of hold my legs up in the air and just put them down when when you. Yeah it was. perfectly on the spot. yeah it was nice. oh no not nice is not the right word. No. Yeah. 