that's difficult maybe I haven't been travelling that much so I've only been to England actually so. that's good enough . Okay we'll take that one then should I start or. Yeah okay well I've been to England once and it was I think three years ago I've been to London two or three days just shopping and seeing all the things you know Big Ben and London aquarium and and in the same week I lived on a little island in the South East . Of England called Sheerness I think it was Sheerness. Have you heard of it. You are okay . I think it is. I was on a choir trip with a choir here from Sweden and we we stayed at a little village on this island and I stayed with an old couple lived in their house and I wasn't that good at English so it was it was it was difficult I mean you're shy and don't dare talking that much to them but it was nice and I got to see how English people live and this little village was very nice . and I don't know which which thing was best London or the country but it's so different . . oh I thought it was cute it was this little house and they had everything I mean shower and it was I didn I didn't think like that 't was 't was like Sweden I think . in a hotel in the middle of London I I can't remember where it was near the big park . I can't remember the name . I think it was Hyde Park . oh it's a cute littl little hotel . Bad things there's a lot of traffic and we're not used to cars coming on but you you drive on the left side and we don't so that was confusing when you have to cross a street that was the worse thing I think and I I wasn't there very long so . . okay. . I would like to go all over the world but no specific place I don't know something warm I would like to see Australia and of course I want to go to the U S sometime. And I want to see more of Europe only only been to England and Germany so. so as much as I can see . I have my essay left so I know what I have to do this summer . and I don't know I've I'm not sure I'm gonna do this autumn but I don't know work or school. It's about French loan words in English . And within semantic field emotions so. I have looked at when one specific French loan word comes into English which year and if it's if it has changed you know the meanings. . there're about fifty words I think but I haven't used all of them only a few . . . . I really would like to be a translator but but then you have to be really good . And I think I have to live abroad for a while that shouldn't be a problem I hope so. everything . economic yeah I think that's most of the jobs are you know technical texts or economic texts and so but it's not I don't think you can work with translating books there aren't many jobs at that I think so. . yeah so that's what I want to do but I've thought about being a teacher too so maybe I'll try both . so that's my plans . free time I try to no free time I I see my friends an' as much as I can and now I work you know summer job. In a food store here in Gothenburg so I worked one week and I'm exhausted I'm not used to that getting up early. it's called ICA Matbiten it's on . . So I'm going there now after this interview. . work all day. . you have to get the money. To survive the summer. Yes I do but I'm not from Gothenburg in the beginning I grew up in Kalmar on the East coast . Have you been there . No. But you know where it is. near Öland. . south sou yes yes. on the east coast so I moved here is it four years ago. . . I had my boyfriend here . And I: I was on vacation here around ninety two or ninety three and I I fell in love with the city so and then I met him and yeah it was perfect . Yeah perfect . So I moved here as soon as I could . The people and the atmosphere it's. people are so nice here friendly you know open. . yeah I think so people are more suspicious and you know closed or what do you say more. Snobbish maybe I don't know. It's a . . it is . it's not that small but it's smaller and I don't know more cold atmosphere there I think so I love Gothenburg . . . yeah now I am so absolutely . it's a it's a big town but it feels like a small town I think . It's not that huge that you get lost so I like it it's perfect. for me . 