yes. Yeah. my girlfriend is from Spain and I have part of my family there now so it's . I mean you're regarded as family as soon as you're . Into a relationship. we've been together for five years now so. They're from the Southwest of Spain. so it's very different also from the rest of Spain. in many ways actually they first of all the language is very different. so th the Spanish that I speak is maybe not the most perfect Spanish . But the: Spanish people can hear that I've been been taught by by people from the southwest of Spain. And the the religion I mean they have the same religion but the way they practice is a little bit different. for example they have the procession they had now in Easter when I was there now which they don't they don't have so much in the rest of Spain. And it's very very famous when they go out with the different im im imagines and virgins and stuff like that. So they go to the streets the and that's at at the first time I was there and I I didn't really know what it was before I knew what I know now. so the first time I saw some people dressed as I thought it was Ku Klux Klan members. because they looked exactly the same. so it was a little bit creepy feeling because the music they play when they take out the virgins and is is very strong. a very strong feeling. and it's it was am amazing to see it an': an':. And I I took my parents with me for the first time now this Easter. and my mother had been with me: before in Spain but never my father. so I took him to see this again to see the processions in Easter and he was amazed he he had heard about it but. He had never seen it for for himself so . it's it's huge. it's it's a whole week it's so it's a whole week not like we're have here in Sweden like the certain days it's. The whole week. Yeah it's m mainly the processions. and then you go to the church nn to have the the m as they say . Yeah they have some kind of special cakes and. Some different dishes that they normally eat and I know that one day we were not allowed to eat meat. I tried to get that explained to me but . There were different explanations so I don't really know why still but . the they don't eat meat during one day. . it's lovely it's lovely absolutely lovely. I have a special dish it's called in Spanish so it's potatoes with meat. and it's made yellow by saffron. and it's abso. It's absolute delicious and of course I I like the paella that that my girlfriend's mother makes it's . yeah it's actually a mixture because it is both seafood an it's also bit of meat in it. So it's a: mixture of both. yeah it's actually Huelva so it's exactly next to the: to the sea. So it's beautiful the environment. . in that part not really not in Huelva not yet anyway. ed I mean they have the: nicest beach in the whole of Spain. s so to say yeah at least that's what they say . it's but in in Seville for example that is really close to Huelva. They have many many many tourists a lot of them. . yeah. yeah. That's. absolutely true. absolutely. No no no I I I got shocked when I: when I came home one day cos I I lived there during half a year and the the first days I was gonna go shopping and in the mornings I had been in the university and then at two I wanted to go out to buy food and stuff like that to have for the evening. And it struck me that nothing was open. Absolutely nothing everything was closed and I was thinking ooh is it a holiday or what is it. And then it's they explained to me that no it's closed during the siesta. Even though this was in in in the beginning of spring. it was not so warm so. But still everything closed between: two and until six o'clock. yeah not so much in spring in spring it's more ver just to relax you watch some TV. And stuff like that because it's not it's not so warm that you're exhausted. But but during the: the summer that starts in. Just a few a few weeks now in a few months it's gonna be really warm. And and then it was really nice to have the siesta actually because we got really tired. Yeah. Yeah that's . yeah. yeah. Yeah that's something that my my parents in the beginning were a little bit not used to eat so late. Because the dinners start sometimes at ten eleven. sometimes. And at that time my parents normally here in Sweden they are sleeping long ago. because they they have to go go up really early in the morning. and have really hard work both of them. So that's a little bit different also for me have to change your wh whole your whole circle. To be able to fit it. It's so much th this it's like a a Swedish . really yeah. yeah. Yeah. I can speak for myself I normally start with some kind of soup. and then I go over to eat more meat. And a lot of bread. And then finish off with some kind of dessert fruit or: whatever. Yeah wine soft drinks water. Yeah even if you don't drink it's normal th they put it on the table. So it's . Yeah it's it's you feel really spoiled and especially the way that I mean I I'm not allowed to help in any any any way and I I that's a little bit strange. For me I've been living for myself. Now for: five six years. And I mean even before that I helped when I was home I helped with . But but down there it's:. yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's starting to change now because more and more people are going to the university. that was not so common before. So now actually a lot of people are in in the different university and you can also see this because they are always adding new buildings to the: univ university ground . . I think that more and more people are going away from being because I mean a lot of times you thi Spain as a: underdeveloped country before you did at least. And that's partly the blame of Franco because. It it stood still more or less the: development of of Spain. And . and you see now that they tend to go away from the: agriculture society. to be more like city city kids or city . People. yeah. Yeah you can see that they are there are not so many young girls or young women that want to be staying at home and. Do the cooking and stuff like that. You see that they are getting a career now. more and more and. I've been thinking about it lots I mean I could see myself actually living in Spain. I I I like the way they are little bit more relaxed. not so stressed. And . I think it would be rather difficult. I'm no I'm not so sure I mean it depends on because in Swedes and the rest of the northern part of Europe have a good reputation of having English skills that are. A little bit higher than the rest of. Europe especially Spain and France and Italy and stuff. You'd feel comfortable speaking Spanish would you at. Yeah. Yeah. I mean: first maybe I would have to take some more evening classes in in Spanish because I ne I never knew Spanish before I met my girlfriend . yes she she worked she we met each other in in Falun in Sweden. And and at that time she was a student so: and then but when she came back she started to work in at the university. So it's it's not the the kind of job that she's that her degree is she is she's a teacher. But the for her also it's difficult to find a job's that's why: I think it can be also difficult for me to find a job. yeah. Absolutely . yeah I'm gonna go down in the summer again and probably again in in winter. trip going trips . Quite often luckily it's it's rather cheap. thanks to Ryanair and . Yeah. Yeah. . Yes I do . yeah I've been: I've been to to see Salvador Dali. And it was really impressive. really really impres. Especially I I remember really well I think this was maybe twelve or fifteen years ago. Long before I I was thinking about having a girlfriend coming from Spain . I I saw a painting from far away and it was it it it didn't look like a painting it looked like a: photograph. So I had to go you had to go really really close to to see that it was an actual painting an' it was a tree . that's some kin I really really really remember that really well . Yeah abstract I don't like so much I like a lot of landscaping. I like a lot especially landscaping from from from here from Sweden for example from the West Coast. I enjoy a lot. And othe and also French painters I like when they do the landscaping of France. It's it's really beautiful. No not at all I I don't have that gift at all . . . Yeah actually I do I do have some paintings. motives from the West Coast. as I said and yeah it's a I I I like a lot it's give me a calm sense when I sit. Sit watching them. yeah. No I ch chosen myself when I was in an art studio. together with my parents. Yeah I have I have some posters but that's more fun posters like. On different doors kitchen door and bathroom door . Not really art. I've I haven't seen so much art I us m mainly photographs they have of the children. The first Communion and. Things like that and marry wedding weddings an'. Yeah especially since the houses are so different they are so cold inside . During during winter and the spring it's really cold and during summer it's too warm. So because they have stone everywhere. it's tiles on the floors and the tile on the on the walls and yeah . Yeah. It is actually. yeah it is actually I mean it's it's really light outside so if if it's a crystal glass it's I mean of course it's light inside also. But but different. Yeah and especially I mean. I'm I'm used to the Swedish three three crystal windows that's that don't let out heat and don't let the cold come in . So we have a different temperature rooms here in Sweden. It's and also different windows I mean we have the windows open they have the windows that you slide. so it's it's different very different. but yeah it is but it's nice also nice it's . they are they're r are really clean inside the house but. I mean they clean more or less four or five times every day. not every day sorry every week. Cos it's here in Sweden is I mean it's. One of the few places in in Europe that you take off your shoes when you go into people's house. In Spain you just walk in. so if you've been out in the: in the fields and you come home you walk in with the with your boots on. Of course it gonna be dirty. yeah. Yeah ab absolutely absolutely. . yes. You never know you never know. it's true it's true. yeah thank you. 