Mhm: okay shall I start. Okay I'll take a country that I've visited I've only been to two countries. No no no no no I've been to several but I've been to England a lot and I r I really like England hem I'm I'm impressed by: the people oh well I'm I'm not sure impressed maybe is not the word but . Yeah no the people are really nice they're always very polite sort of they have an attitude that is well they're funny: and and nice and quite helpful and and I like the country because it's really beautiful. And well I've I've only been to London and Brighton well I've been to Cornwall as well. I have yeah well and s it's sort of the the general attitude it's different from the one in Sweden I think I think it's a bit more easy going there. they're I know they're strict in some ways like when you work in offices and things I think the dressing code is more strict there. Than in Sweden but then when when it's not when you're not in an office I mean the general dressing code is more relaxed there. Than here so yeah I like I like England. yeah it is very crowded and all the houses are like stuck together and everything but I think it's like sixty million people living in London and it's like eight. Sixteen yeah okay and it's like ten million. yeah exactly well and so yeah it's crowded it's a bit everything is a bit old in England but compared to Sweden but is quite it's a bit is nice . London is a bit too big it's nice to be there like a couple of days or something is it's too big and is people are stressed and things Brighton is a bit more relaxed . I really like that and it's on the coast as well that's nice. Oh that's wonderful and all the pubs they have and I mean for shopping it's excellent. The North Lanes. In yeah they've got nice shops and yeah it is it's a bit it's a bit expensive if you live there. But well. you mean hou hou. I lived in two different houses first I I used to stay with three anarchists. or two because I really wanted to you know live with English people and everything I thought that was really cool but they never did the washing up and they never cleaned and . it was and the guy who owned the place he had three cats and he didn't want to give them . you know anti flea thingy because he thought it was cruel to the cats and to the fleas and everything. so I had like fleas in my bed. so after a month I moved out and I moved in with a with a family and they were: religious but very nice but their house they were their house was so tidy and there was no mould anywhere and it was you know flowers and everything that was really nice. Nice change and they were very nice as well so I really liked that . for: a year or two two terms I I did the B and C course there. The University of Sussex. And I I I really want to go back I I like it so much. And the spring comes early there they have all the daffodils everywhere that we don't have in Sweden. yeah. 