. . no: actually the world champion was my teacher training . No it was Jim his name was Jim. but I don't I think it's quite common. nowadays and it isn't as bad as it sounds. But it isn't like you don't. Fight that much it's very much technique and stuff like that instead. But it's very fun it's very all round get a lot of like condition and like working-out strength. balance. I like it. that's the best part. Yeah well we're not allowed to kick to: the head in England we were in Sweden. but we didn't really do that . . Yeah but when you are like spiring. You try to: have some control and not really hurt the other person. I have once I get gave my best friend a black eye. No with my hand. still kind of embarrassing when everyone came up and asked what h what had happened and she was . . . think I haven't done like that kind of just I've just done it for fun so I don't know really. But I think it's pretty much like boxing. You get points for head and. If it's allowed and then like stomach I think. no. No but you have li you have gloves. so you can't. I think they do have covers in certain like if it's allowed to kick to the head and stuff like that. then you have co padding and stuff. Like that I don't know I don't think it's normal procedure to have that. But I'm not sure I could handle myself if it happens anyway because that is under certain like circumstances when I know that I'm in a control. like if I'm walking in the middle of li the town and it's. Nice and perhaps I've had a few drinks I'm not wearing proper shoes. then it isn't that easy to defend myself anyway. But I might get a little bit more like co confidence so and I don't. Think if you are confident it's easy to: just walk past people like yelling stiff a at yelling stuff. So I don't think you are as much as aski i isn't the risk isn't the side of getting like in trouble. I'm not sure. no. no but I'm I never I'm not that violent. So I I I I and I never I never ever like get into trouble with people people are. Usually nice to me. My sister everyone is always rude to her but . I think everyone is nice to me. No but she's quite rude so I think it has to do with that . . more girls in Sweden. proportionally but I th I'd say it was like forty percent or something in Brighton in the club. I don't know it might have peaked already because there're a lot of fighting sports available. and . But it's one of them and I think it's. Going quite well for them. Don't think so don't know. But I don't think so. . yeah but it's not the same when you're not a professional so. so. yeah. Yeah like boxing I think it's li really stupid to go out there and try to hit someone in the head and li cause that person to: faint or something. it's it's extremely stupid to do that. but I wouldn't ever want to do that I wouldn't like try to become professional or anything I just want to do it. Because I think it's fun and it's good exercise and . I think it's Thai boxing so it's well it's kind of a mix-up it's m mix between boxing or normal American boxing I suppose. And Chinese or Thai. Yeah it's boxing with kicks. . I'm not doing it any more but I want to start. Now again. yeah. 2:. them. . 