Yeah. it was in nineteen ninety-three. Yeah just after my: graduation from . In Sweden I went there for: six months to work as a kennel maid. Actually yeah. Yes it is . Yeah I'm not I have decided I must admit that I'm not too fond of children really I'm not too good . With children so I thought. Yeah I do I prefer dogs to working as an au pair. So through contacts I worked f as an kennel maid for six months. . yeah in Holland and in England. actually yeah . I know . I know that sounds a bit crazy to work with dogs like that but. Yeah. it's taking care of the dogs cleaning out the kennels and exercise you know combing and grooming and feeding and well and actually get to go with the people owning the dogs to dogs show and. go around and show dogs and everything. these the dogs in in I went to California. and these dogs were in: a couple who were breeding chow-chows. so they were having they had twenty dogs and had. Me taking care of them while they were working and they had a lot of puppies while I was there so that's why they needed some extra hands to have them groom the dogs and. yeah they did some of them were. Sold they sold them to as pets and as show dogs and it's. Quite a big business actually . Here in Sweden it's oh completely different but a hobby and a business I would say it was over there. No chow-chow. Yeah a chow-chow . yeah actually it is and I was quite surprised because they had this thick coat and so I thought. Perhaps the heat would be a problem for them but probably not apparently. . it's a. it's smaller than a poodle I would say. it's quite in the middle somewhere and they've got lots and lots of coat and very thick coat and warm coat so it's takes two or three hours to to groom a chow-chow. I know . . . Well. Yeah I think you're right actually . No but I think well no quite a lot of people they they were actually I think on the top ten of popular dogs in in America when I was there. So they they were hav having a problem with them as well because they were getting aggressive and stuff you know. people breeding them and selling them to anyone and they so I had to to learn about these dogs as well so they could be sometimes very aggressive not the dogs that I worked with they were. Very friendly and so on but. . no well I I guess that depends on why it's aggressive. If it's aggressive from birth you couldn't really do anything I guess. But if something has happened to it I think you could probably work with it and get it to trust people again and so on. But well yeah we didn't have the problem actually so it's I was. Lucky they were quite friendly all of them. Yeah. No. no no never so it's yeah it was quite a nice experience really to work with . Well I would say that it was quite a shock to get to America in the first place the first. Day and the first impression I got first of all it was I came there in first of March and I left in a blizzard in Sweden . Having all my winter clothes on and when I stepped off the plane in in Los Angeles it was twenty degrees and I. Yeah and I broke out sweating and I thought oh it's so warm . And that they thought it was winter but. You know all freezing they said and I was shocked by actually the the highways and the freeways and locking the doors in your car and. yeah didn't care not to walk anywhere and. drive anywhere so that's a bit unusual. oh well to me it was. yeah I did yeah. well. I wouldn't say famil well it was a couple not. Not not a big family . Yeah they had their dogs they had he had a son who came to visit from from a previous marriage so. he came to visit some times he was fifteen years old I think but well family life that's difficult to well I don't know really well it was it was exciting to to see different habits and so on but nothing in particular I can. yeah. Yes yeah that's true . We had that I guess every weekend. and on the patio so that was a big thing . yeah I actually didn't hang out with people my own age very much . I was I turned twenty when I was there. and all of my friends were like twenty-five twenty-six years old. And people of my age and younger I have a lot of friends who that time were a couple of years younger than me. At home but I found high-school p people in in America the ones I met at least. well actually quite childish . Yeah so I enjoyed the company of my a bit older friends. . yeah smoking pot was not really it was quite usual. they didn't do it: now but. Not that I know of but everybody was talking about it and saying that well when I was young . You know isn't big deal and they were talking about it to their friends and their parents and everyone and it. Seemed all right but on the other hand we had a couple of friends that whenever we had a party they they were nice and quiet and calm for about an hour and then they started making phone calls and had to go and buy marijuana and so on. So on and everybody was: really tired I mean getting fed up with their. Habits . But everybody did it now and then I guess. It was not a big deal but if you did it a lot it's not it wasn't very popular . no they didn't no . 