yeah. That's right cos I I went to Malta. and it was a really really nice place I didn't know very much about it before I went there just that it was very small and it had been belonged to: Great Britain for a long time and. It's was very fascinating with so much history. Just to see the old buildings and just we went on this guided bus tour where the guide told us very much about everything we saw on the way. Nearly everything had to do with some historic event or something. And it was so beautiful it was like. It's so small so you practically see the sea everywhere and it's well the houses are built in this sandstone I think it is so it's kind of. This beige colour so it's very light everything. . That's wh so fascinating it was a bit of everything cos. Sometimes I felt like I was in England because there was so many English people or British people and there were like British pubs and. And you could get fish and chips everywhere and stuff like that. But then it was also like southern Europe very much cos I li. I lived in Spain for a while so I got reminded of Spain as well. I don't know that maybe the mentality m more and things you get could get in the store everything like that it was just. so much and then it was a bit like the Middle East because of the colours and of I mean even the: the features of the people looked a bit Arabic and the language too was so weird it was like. Yeah Ma Maltesian I think it is. yeah they have all the signs are in in both in English and in Maltese Maltesia. I dunno what it's called. it's the g the guide on the bus told us it was it's sixty per cent Arabic. and then the rest is I think English and and Romance language something like that it's it's from Latin mostly. nothing nothing at all it's it w it sounded so strange . it was one minute it sounded like Italian and next it was like Arabic and but they don't have they don't h write in Arabic writing they write . Sort of our letters so but it was impossible to make any sense of what we read on those signs . Yes. people could speak English everywhere. so that was also kind of good when you come as a tourist to. Don't have any problem with the language. Yeah. It's some . yeah. jo it's in Swedish I don't know what it is in English. No it's it's basically: I think they're live a lot on tourism. Because and a lot of and it's also many people who live there they are: they have like two passports they come from Britain but they also have a Maltesian men they are like mixed marriages between Britain because. I dunno if they have a special status or if it's just that there are very many English people there. but . no not where I was it was very: I mean there were a lot of like restaurants and and pubs and well not entertainment really but it was just it was like this long . And you didn't know where one st st[ended. And the other one started so and there but there was more they had like a little harbour and then there we wer there weren't many tourists at all because I was there kind of off season so. But . they have Maltesian food they eat a lot of rabbit. and like and what else yeah m ba m m m mostly rabbit that's their like traditional dish. I didn't try it . so I don't know . . But it's a lot of Italian food I ate mostly Italian food pasta. And they had a special pizza that's very good and. And just basically a lot of cos it's very close to Sicily too so it's kind of influenced by Italians. culture . it was cheap. and it was it felt kind of exotic. I went with my boyfriend he'd been there before so. He was like you have to go see it cos it's so nice so. That was basically why. Yes I can really recommend it . 