Number two. yes well I thought I might just talk about New Zealand because I like that country very much it's a well its scenery impressed me very much and the people the people were very very nice and very friendly and the life they had there was it seemed very free to me you could I was you could build your own house just on this land and sort of live in a tent while you were building it because there was such a nice climate there and you could I dunno you could have a nice garden with lots of fruits and vegetables and. And it was just so laid back and you don't have to build your house a certain way because there's so much snow in the winter so you know you could just es it seemed to be a land where you could use your imagination and and well do what you wanted to do. Well I travelled around a bit mostly on the south island because. yes it's a b it's a bit colder I mean they have everything there except desert really they they've got sort of tropical areas in the north of New Zealand and in the south it's more like Norway in the very very south of the country and then they've got glaciers somewhere in the high mountains and forests and green hills and . Nice beaches and it's well it's a they've got everything. The English . Well they they play cricket . But I'm not I'm not sure if I agree with that but if I compare them to the Australian people I met I'd say they were more English in New Zealand. the Australians were more showing off sort of thing when they were doing whatever they were doing but they were nice too. Well some. Some we went to this centre which wasn't that nice I mean it was very: sort of touristy: bu: sort of thing but I stayed with a family who had Maori relatives I don't know if th I think the husband in the family was half Maori or something and he spoke very warmly about the culture and and I think I think they are they are very I think they want to they want to preserve it. they want to to sort of keep their language and and their culture going and we hitchhiked once with some Maoris but I dunno. Not that I noticed but I g I I'm sure there are some people who who think that way but but it's not like the Maoris live out in the bush. They're integrated in the. In the society. Well I worked on on some farms. But it was very I mean I worked maybe four hours a day or something it's what it's with WWOOF I don't know if you've heard of them willing. Workers on organic farms . it's a very good I mean it's it's a good good idea and a good thing and I did it in Scotland and Wales. Too for a bit it's sort of the idea of an exchange that people can come and work and learn and and the farmers get to to meet people from different countries and. And . It was first we went to this pretty small place they had two three cows or something and just a few chickens and we just helped them to dig some sort of ditch an': cut some: bushes an' it was very well we milked cow in the mornings and. Was kind of laid back we just well we spent time with the family and went bicycling on their bikes and. no. yeah yeah . Yeah. I am not sure. Maybe back too New Zealand I don't know but they exist in in England and lots of countries in Europe and. In the States and even in Thailand and India I think. Australia and New Zealand. I think I paid ten pounds to get these booklets they've got booklets it's a sort of yeah you get a booklet with all the addresses and then take contact with the farmers yourself you write a letter or. Phone them. oh yes yes pay for for ev everything but. It's just money to to: I guess pay for the the the printing of the booklets. For each country. So it's a none to none profit organization I think. 