I'd like to talk about a film called The panic Room which I saw last week I think and it made me sort of disappointed because I expected a lot more from it than what it gave me so to speak . it was the reason I expected so much from it was that it's directed by David Fincher . He's done films like Fight Club and Seven earlier. And I really liked those films and so I thought this would be good and especially since Jodie Foster's got the she's playing the main character and usually my experience is that she only chooses films where the scripts are really good. so I was sort of hoping that this would be good and it wasn't really. it started out very flashy with very scary music and you i it got you thinking that oh this is a really scary movie and. It wasn't a really scary movie . It was truly pathetic. At places so it's really I mean y you're sitting in a chair in in the cinema and you get irritated because there is they've placed products very nicely like Coca Cola and some water bottled water of some kind and. everything and you note that you notice that and it's really irritating basically . . I know I mean it's it's an action movie so I wasn't really expecting a good story line but I was expecting I don't know really when I go to see these kind of this kind of movies action movies popcorn movies I'm I'd I mean I don't really expect a good story but I expect to be scared and thrilled and and shaken up a bit. And I wasn't. so it was just very old and tired clichés all the way through. There was the good guy and the bad guy and the sad guy more or less . Oh it's hard to say she didn't have a lot to do really. I mean she' she's always good but I I saw a review somewhere where someone had written that the thing you remember the most is her her cleavage. because she has a very . low down sort of and I mean that's that's sad when you've got an actress that is that good in a movie. And that's what you remember. . I dunno the cynical answer would probably be she wanted the money . She did well I don't know she might have felt that the script would have been better treated in a better way or something I don't know because it is an interesting idea this panic room. This sort of claustrophobic feeling to it so of course it could have been made into a better movie than it was as well. climactic well as climactic as it usually is of course but it was well it was a better ending than I would have expected from the rest of the movie. I should say. Cos it was or maybe not really I I was a bit confused there because I couldn't decide whether it was a good ending ending. Or not so. no I wouldn't . no it's not worth the money no. . . I don't do it a lot it's nothing I do on a regular basis I don't do it spontaneously no I don't. . . . well that sort of depends I do sometimes go with my mother to Lousiana in Denmark. Yeah and that's: I guess that's mostly modernistic I'd say. at least the times I've been there. it's been sort of modernistic and I don't have a very particular taste so to speak I I like what I like. It's not much more than that. well it could be beautiful of course but it doesn't speak to me . I guess . . I might it depends on what kind of portrait it is of course I wouldn't I'm I'm I'm that moved by portraits of old kings and stuff like that because they all look the same more or less. and you know that they have I mean for the painter to be allowed to paint a picture of a king. That is such a great honour and of course the painter has done everything in his power to to make the king look good so. It's not a realistic portrait of course and you have to consider that . Not particularly no . I don't know well I haven't actually thought of it . So I don't know . Maybe a little bit yes. And also I I don't look at myself too much in mirrors either so maybe it's just I don't like seeing my own face all the time and. And then I wouldn't ha like to have a painting on the wall . Of course . oh. well. not for me I wouldn't think no . Right. Very good. Thank you. 