. well it's about ten years ago one of my best friends who died in a car accident and. that wasn't funny so it it taught you to value life more and it also taught me to be able to help others who are mourning it's. Easier now to to go to somebody and say that say something because. usually you just avoid people who are sad because they lost somebody and. and this helped me and I think it makes m make you grow you grow from it. Somehow I think. . . I d I don't think you really get over it ever. But you do you don't think about it every day any more. and now you can look back when it's it's ten years that has passed so I can look back and remember the funny things that happy moments we had together. And I don't feel so sad any more about it but. Of course I miss him. . it's it it's as if somebody is away on a long journey . But. Twenty-four. and it was a a very tough experience because nothing like that ever happened to me. and when you're young you thin think you're invincible I mean. you don't think anything can happen . So it was tough it was tough and all of we were a group of young people who were friends and. Kind of knocked us over . twenty-eight so. t'was a car accident. . well I don't have a car cos I can't afford it I'm. A student so but I drive. I'm not afraid of driving so. . yes of course it does I I remember just after it happened I was so angry . whe when people when I saw other people driving very care . less . . . . . . it's yes because it only happens to maybe one person at the time . It 's not so big it's like when it's a big catastrophe you know everybody it. I think. . . I've I think it's good that they make the roads safer and. larger bigger. No. no no I didn't feel like that but well I still sometimes get this anger when when where I live it's is a very small town Lilla Edet. very many young people drive very fast through the town. Even though it's only thirty kilometres per hour. And then I get very angry because I think of how they will feel themselves when if they hit somebody if they kill somebody. Cos they will have to live with that for the rest of their lives. And that was what happened to the: it was a young guy who hit my friend too. And he was very depressed over this for a. Long time so it destroyed his life and his family's life and and my friend's. My family so. . . Stupid . they must be stupid . But it's al also very common where I come from or where I live actually. in the countryside they: they think it doesn't matter so much. there's no police and the go only gonna go this short distance so it's. No problem. I think that's how they think . yes. yes I actually feel that if you deliberately deliberately s sat yourself in the car after you'd been drinking it's and you hit somebody and they get killed e it's murder. Because you know what you're doing. You are not supposed to do it. It's a kind of murder I think. . 