Yeah. I did the B course level at the university in Brighton. . Yeah. it was it was good most of the time but I got a little bit bored cos Brighton is quite small when you spend s. Like three months that's enough. But it was nice. It was first I moved away from home but now I'm back again but it was nice like. To feel the difference and to take my responsibility. . Yeah and longer t a longer time. I've been away like two months or something before but never . No w friends I met them there Swedes. And we e-mailed before so . Yeah or a house . Yes it was a little bit shabby but . It was nice. It was nice to live with people of the same age. I liked the weather it was nice and it was. Warmer than it's here at this. Time of the year and it was nice that you could go to the store or downtown and you didn't have to wear that much clothes all the time. I disliked that it was quite small . Yeah and . I didn't like when all the tourists came. But I 2:. There were a lot like fifteen-year-olds on a language course. and they don't really behave that well when they're outside their. Parents' supervision. . It was it was kind of it was pretty easy to li meet English people but since I lived with fi we were five Swedish girls it was . Pretty much Swedes. and then when s one of the girls got an English boyfriend. She spent a lot of time with him and then his friends started coming over so. then. No I don't think so not really but like sw think that Swedes react to like filth and stuff like that. When it's garbage lying on the streets and stuff they don't. See that since it's normal. But on the other hand we don't see what's normal in Sweden. So. Well one example per perhaps not very good but . They were well very open to li drugs and stuff like that. Yeah. And in general and when you went out to a club yo you could see that most people were high . And you don't see that in Sweden at all. very yeah it was always someone coming up and offering you stuff so. really easy and cheap I suppose but in Sweden it's very forbidden you don't talk. About it and I d you don't see it that much I don't think so. So that was a shocker. no we we met them like casually perhaps like I did I joined a: kick-boxing club cos I've done. Kick-boxing at home so I like that. And then I met a lot of people there who I talked to. But otherwise you don y that was a bit the downside cos we spent all the time in Swedish class with English teachers but. Still in a Swedish class so I m everyone spoke Swedish to each other. And we didn't really get to know any other students it would have been good. If we d had been like integrated into another program or something. . 