yeah. Yes. okay it's a woman who's with a painter and she get her portrait painted and once he has finished this she sees the result she's not happy cos he drew painted her how she looks. So he has to do it again and he makes a beautiful woman instead of the ordinary looking one that she is and then she well it's finished she shows her friends and I assume they think it's really good. And she's very proud of it and that's why how she sees herself. Yes. yeah just looking at photographs . do I really look like that . sometimes. sometimes. but I mean I know what I look like I've seen photos. But it's always sometimes you think ooh it's not good do people have to look at me. Well I suppose it would be nice. cos it's. more it's it's more personal than a photograph. So it's I dunno it's more l alive. depends on how good the pictur painter is. If they manage to do it if you know them. really but if it someone you just go to to a studio. It's not easy to paint the inner person. sometimes I do. I like paintings which are not views or actually showing anything but. more abstract. I think it's the fantasy or that you can: kind of see for yourself. But they're not to be too abstract I mean some paintings are . I don't understand . . I look for the colours and the shapes and. that attracts me. If it's interesting or it's something in it that I don't know what it is that I like. . Rarely sometimes I do. yeah. they do find it I don't know really why I don't use it that much. yeah. the only pictures I use are moving pictures . Yeah like films and . Yeah that's they're more analysing stuff. Like that that's more what I do. no. Yeah you have to help them they d they can't see they just see the surface. So they can't see beyond. They can't see any symbols or. Anything like that but then they're too young really but. Yeah. Sometimes they think it's a bit silly. why why . But I think they start like sometimes they can think for themselves. and they come up with things that might be wrong but it's . Doesn't really matter. Yes. I do I think it has an impact on how you should look and behave. And what is cool to be. I think fashion and style and. Oh I don't think as much. Violencewise. But just the surface I think . yeah they do they think c certain things are funny but if you look deeper it's not that funny. They don't see that it's like a tragedy behind it or the just hear the funny. Remarks and. stuff and they are really into that ba like bad language films that's. like a lot of slang a lot of cursing and they think it's really cool and that affects their English they think they can go around saying fuck you to everyone. Which is not really appropriate . Yeah I try to take cos they think they say. I say well you can't walk around. Saying stuff I mean it's good to know what it is. but you have to sh choose when to use it. Really count unless you wanna get beaten . . . Is that it. Okay. thank you very much. 