okay. . Yeah. . yeah. yeah okay. Yes. I'm choosing number one. . Yes I have read a book by Vikram Seth called An Equal Music. And I thought it awakened my: envy to to play again because I played a lot of chamber music on piano. before. And I sat down last week and I I played through some pieces of Brahms and Bach and and suddenly I I realised how beautiful it was in the different. Sounds and voices and I I have been fry I haven't practised for a while. So it was: something new to me to so . I'm looking forward to play classical music again because the other period . It has been a lot of practising all the practising so now I could . Listen more. So I I thought that was fantastic and yeah what should I say more about that I have for a period also played in a rock band. Because I thought it was funny to to sing:. And you you get a more direct contact with those who listen so you can tell. Something. more directly than from the piano in a way but now I'm I'm loo. Longing for this playing piano again. Now yeah. I think it is his the the author's way of expressing the feeling of being in the music. And you're you're you're you are you can feel that time stands still or or it's hard to describe it he he does: that. Very well. And the tension around it and and that you can concentrate on on so complicated things and play with others at the same time you you hear a lot of other things around you and and you can see it too there there are: . A lot of things happening at the same time. I think it was. And hi in some way he he succeeds to describe music so I'm going to write about that in my essay try to find what it is. in the text how how he describes music in the text. So. yes. yes but sometimes in in sometime some compositions they allow quite the they are they're close. to to some rock songs. In a way I think. So so they allow the expression and I've heard musicians lately they:. They don't play exactly like you should do with classical music but they they. Start to express more and. That's exciting I think . . Yes. Yeah. yeah yeah th it's pulse. All the time. yeah yes it could be. yeah. yes but I think it's nice they and exciting too that Indian writers they write about music because I haven't seen that before and I I wondered if it is something that that many au authors do today in our in our age if there is something some: something they see in it. S as important. For them too. yeah a li little little perhaps yeah. ah yeah. oh . yes . . yes I have I have I do the ceramics: I to. Yes. And . No not so much I've I've just form make the forms with my hands . And I I do small figures of a a wild woman I've placed her. And and I've paint her on another cup and and I like. To decorate with figures and a a little girl who's climbing up. A a vase I think it's a vase and . I when I was younger I I liked to draw. Too portraits. So I I'm: mostly I like to do creative. yes. In in creative ways I like. yeah. n no I'm not so good at that yet . it . yes. yes yes. yes yes yeah and otherwise I I like being in: nature and I'm. Inspired by: the sea. I like to walk and I I like to walk in the woods as well and smell and and and the: I like the silence and and because there is not so much silence around you nowadays I think and . Just listening to the wind and and things. That's beautiful. No I haven't. no but I I wish to try that. Do some songs or. Just . Yes. yes po pop or rock song I would like I have written one song. But I would like to when I when I got more time and. Inspiration to try it. see it would be nice. Yes. Yeah. no. yeah. Yes. But you that's the most difficult thing the text I think. To . You c it's easier to find a melody and. some chords. but maybe you can learn a little about text too . But y I suppose it's something you have to be born with in a way that ability:. yeah. Yeah. so you ha I think you have to read a lot of other poetry and other sing a lot of songs to yeah yeah. yeah. yes yes yeah. yes that would be a challenge . Yeah. . Indian yes. Salman Rushdie. Also but I haven't read I think it's the first time I read so some thing by an Indian. author. No I well I think I I like most literature by also this Indian no North American Indians . Red Indians oh by Lou Louise Erdich. yeah I I . Yes or there are some . ha half: I don't know half breed. Yes. So yes I liked that very much that I I haven't read many English books:. Before. I came to English. no. Yes. . Yes I am going to work on the upper secondary school. Y yes. And and music and English. or or I don't know if I'm going if I work full time because I am longing for playing also myself in. Small groups and. If I can combine. This in some way it would be the dream for me . But. no. yeah . one term. yeah then: it's the last. yes the the programme yes. . Yes. I've worked before on a music school. about fifteen years with that . Yeah. And they're mostly piano. Pupils then. And it was very nice but after so many years it's nice to do something some different . Things also so. . 