. well it's about ten years ago one of my best friends who died in a car accident and. that wasn't funny so it it taught you to value life more and it also taught me to be able to help others who are mourning it's. Easier now to to go to somebody and say that say something because. usually you just avoid people who are sad because they lost somebody and. and this helped me and I think it makes m make you grow you grow from it. Somehow I think. . . I d I don't think you really get over it ever. But you do you don't think about it every day any more. and now you can look back when it's it's ten years that has passed so I can look back and remember the funny things that happy moments we had together. And I don't feel so sad any more about it but. Of course I miss him. . it's it it's as if somebody is away on a long journey . But. Twenty-four. and it was a a very tough experience because nothing like that ever happened to me. and when you're young you thin think you're invincible I mean. you don't think anything can happen . So it was tough it was tough and all of we were a group of young people who were friends and. Kind of knocked us over . twenty-eight so. t'was a car accident. . well I don't have a car cos I can't afford it I'm. A student so but I drive. I'm not afraid of driving so. . yes of course it does I I remember just after it happened I was so angry . whe when people when I saw other people driving very care . less . . . . . . it's yes because it only happens to maybe one person at the time . It 's not so big it's like when it's a big catastrophe you know everybody it. I think. . . I've I think it's good that they make the roads safer and. larger bigger. No. no no I didn't feel like that but well I still sometimes get this anger when when where I live it's is a very small town Lilla Edet. very many young people drive very fast through the town. Even though it's only thirty kilometres per hour. And then I get very angry because I think of how they will feel themselves when if they hit somebody if they kill somebody. Cos they will have to live with that for the rest of their lives. And that was what happened to the: it was a young guy who hit my friend too. And he was very depressed over this for a. Long time so it destroyed his life and his family's life and and my friend's. My family so. . . Stupid . they must be stupid . But it's al also very common where I come from or where I live actually. in the countryside they: they think it doesn't matter so much. there's no police and the go only gonna go this short distance so it's. No problem. I think that's how they think . yes. yes I actually feel that if you deliberately deliberately s sat yourself in the car after you'd been drinking it's and you hit somebody and they get killed e it's murder. Because you know what you're doing. You are not supposed to do it. It's a kind of murder I think. . actually I was born in Gothenburg. and I moved to a very very small village when I was . Oh four years old and now as a grown-up I moved to this Lilla Edet it's a small place too a small town I like small towns . Yeah. I dunno it's just that I you know I grew up in the cou in the countryside so I like that. Whe where you can go out and and you know everybody . It's not ne it's not so good if everybody knows you but . So that that was the case where I used to live before in Skepplanda a very small place. . . I don't know if it's it that if that has to do with its being a small place but I think it's true wh what you say about fa friends and family. If you have a good support there. I think it's easier e especially if you talk to each other about it. Because if you keep quiet it's diffi more difficult I think. . yeah that's true. . . I think that's true. I I felt that very much when I lived in Skepplanda because I worked in the grocer's store there for ten years . And everybody know knew me so that was not so nice because. As soon as I was sitting in my garden everybody you know came up to talk to me so . so I moved to Lilla Edet and then I have been working as a teacher there so. So but so I know people again but not so many . So I think it's nice to be a little bit anonymous . no I don't think so. no. I like the quiet life. yeah and painting and reading books and stuff so. . . . there's a man who's painting and he's painting a a girl sitting on a chair and she doesn't like it maybe . looks like that and so he makes it s nicer and and it doesn't look like her anymore . So. 