. no I don't think so because I have no time. Left. Because I had to take one year to do the A course. I experienced that my knowledge was not good enough. speaking reading writing everything. so: I took this year to make something that was good to to stand on. so but I'm thinking of studying I am what we call a special teacher oh I will have I have that c I have had a course when you can help students or or pupils with difficulties in maths or or. Writing. Buth I did this course nineteen eighty-eight and not been working with it so I th I think I will try to go this course a again it's a changed but maybe I will work with these kind of students . Again yeah. No not again I've not worked with them. But I think I will do that. Yeah. oh there was I think there were ten student looking. ah yes and one beautiful young boy standing looking at me with me lying there you know. Oh I had to close my eyes yes. No. That's why it hurts too so much . no I you. Know here this is not my real tooth. So I have put in another one here. And before that when he's he's taking this cold water and ooh my God it hurts so much I felt it in my ear . well it it's it's not so: I I didn't know this will: l but this will not end at the dentist that it will continue to to ache yeah. yes I think so. . I don't know when we s what what was it when we started now it's five minutes. Five minutes more . with this. . mm:. sport the sport I I enjoy is riding horses. canoeing. yeah walking in mountains. and skiing. That was ha what I have been doing. riding bike. out in the nature. Is what I prefer. so: the consequence of my: not my sporting because I've not been that active but my:. Work as a teacher my knee is. Destroyed I have done two operations and I will do . Another one. yeah. Yes knees and for for teachers they ruin . Necks backs hips. Hips. no when you are a teacher when I started to work nineteen seventy the teacher was always as in in ordinary lessons . Always active. So I did everything with the pupils everything. Twenty-nine times a week. yeah and when you have been working for: well twenty-five years of course your body: don't can't stand that. yeah yeah. All the time. All the time. Helping and all also helping students in vaults. And gymnastic you know and it was okay when when it was only girls. In the class but then there came the boys. And and they can they can be heavy. you know grown up eighteen years old. ninety kilos or something like that. And not unusual. So: that's the reason the main reason becau. Why my knee is so bad. so that is why I'm reading English to change my subject yeah. And to be able. To teach something else. . . 