yeah. well I I I studied there a few years ago so I stayed for. Few months or two: a year and a half I think it was. In London. Yeah and working as an au pair initially . yeah. yeah I did I liked it a lot I didn't enjoy being an au pair as much but . but I certainly really liked England. so . I guess I I mean to me London is I guess it's just the time or so when I first left home. left my parents so it's just like that kind of a period so I it's. Hard to say what's London and what's just that kind of a you know the age. so but I guess it was just like the freedom tha n and also like the feeling of being anonymous. . I suppose cos I come from a smaller city in Sweden so I. Just felt it felt like a big relief being there and not being kind of you know nobody like took any notice of you . And like having like going on the tube for example and there we were always like loads of people and like that s sort of has reassuring like a a a comforting . I I just like that. . no. No strangely enough I just felt the opposite I guess I guess I feel. Comfortable when I feel safe somehow when there are lots of people around and just people. Sort of eating and living and and travelling and s. You know just being around . s. Yeah first I was in in Acton . no I didn't to be honest but I mean I finished the deal and everything. so I didn't leave her or so but . I liked the f I mean the f the there was nothing wrong with the family as such but I just I guess I was nineteen and I wasn't really used to taking care of children really. And and like anytime you're going to like a new family you will always find things that you think are strange and. And and I felt perhaps the the woman who was I guess a really nice person to hang out wid without children. But she was just quite a: horrible person to be around in her home with children cos I think it didn't. Sort of I I I think she didn't enjoy her situation. S so she she basically didn't want to take care of her children and so. I had to work a lot I think that's. the girl was a year and a half and the boy was four years old I think so. I really enjoyed looking after the girl cos if you come in so early in someone's life then. It's gonna be and then but the boy and I we never really sort of really so . . Yeah I did and so I usually I went out most evenings actually and I. And like in the weekends and stuff I was off so . any time I was free really I just left the house . my sister lived there and my and another friend of mine lived there as well. So . yeah. Yeah exactly . Yeah she was and so and she knew lots of people cos she'd been touring there cos she used to have a band and they so she'd been to England. A lot before and. So so that was that was all right. . well maybe the fact that I gained a lot of weight but I can't really. . well probably because I didn't eat much food but I ate loads and loads of crisps and ate at McDonalds. and stuff . so but I can't it's hard to say but like as soon as you're in a different country then you after a while or after a while when you've been going to the post office a lot or if you've been calling a doctor like this is when especially when we lived on our own and I wasn't in the family cos we lived somehow protected. But after that I felt sometimes if you've e even though you sort of very appreciated being a Swedish girl in London. And I guess it's easier to be Swedish than being like from Iran or you know wherever. and but anyhow you feel you get the feeling after a while that you you don't sort of manage the language completely and and you feel like you're in a I don't know the word for this but you sort of you know you know it's like you're at the post office and you just. Feel like people aren't really they sort of think that maybe you're more stupid than you are because you can't. Express yourself properly. and so I guess after a while you get a bit bitter fo you know from the experience. In a way but. . No no I just we just I just went to school in Richmond . That so . yeah exactly yeah. yeah I think it was like a college or something I can't really remember. It was like an adults' kind of college. In Richmond and Twickenham I think it was. yeah in Brentwood I dunno if you know where it is but. Yeah. so we we got I dunno if you call it council flats or whatever it is. Yeah. yeah. So . yeah and my friend but yeah so we ended up there really so . I've been back a few times but last time I w went back cos I mean I I had a boyfriend afterwards and I used to go back and visit him. But then then I went back with my husband like before we had our first baby and then my sister got very ill back in Sweden. so it was that's the reason I don't really wanna go back to London cos I always feel like something horrible . It's just like somehow. I I'm not normally that superstitious but that. That was just such a horrible thing so. So anyway. I will I certainly will. I just dunno how easy it is with like small babies and the city like in the inner city but. But I mean. Just have to have to do it really. Just so. exactly we can exactly. okay. . No I don't think my my dad paints a lot so I guess he used to paint . Yeah. not like as a profession but since he's a. Good painter and he can like he he's done my picture like he's made a portrait a portrait of me when I was younger but . But that was a long time ago now . I can't cos I don't have it still but I just remember that I used to wan that this was when I was a child and I wanted to be a boy and he paint he painted me with l like longer hair than I thought that I had and so. I guess I disliked it for that reason. So . Yeah you could say that he used to work at like in he has sort of used it in his profession I think. So but now he's retired and he I guess he tries to take it more seriously . no I haven't. No not at all. Not for no I mean I did for fun but not like no I don't go and buy like good sort of pencils or you know I d. I don't no cos I really haven't got the gift if you know what I mean so. Yeah of course I mean yeah. Yeah definitely . yeah you always see artistic talents in your children but yeah . but it's really hard to say cos they're so s like small yet but. but we'll see I mean. I haven't really got that far yet but that would be a good idea I guess. I mean I I usually like whenever they we go to my parents' house I will show them my dad's: . Paintings and stuff. of course but like the youngest girl she's only two and a half so I mean. But . yeah he's kind of. A realistic painter yeah. I guess now he's most interested in most interested in painting sort of like really really detailed stuff like a stone but like in really really sort of. close. perspective and detail . so he's into that now. no cos I think he likes abstract art as well. but I don't know I haven't thought of it actually. whether he's inspired me in any way . I think if I'm if I'm buying something it's more of an abstract than realistic. . No I wouldn't I mean I would buy a poster at Louisiana in in like. If I go to like an a museum or something I buy a poster. But I wouldn't sort of buy a like an original . Painting but I mean for for other reasons like than . yeah. yeah exactly. yeah I mean I have I have a painting of his at home . . okay. right . 