Okay the first picture is she's sitting model for him and he is painting a portrait of her the painter is is painting a portrait. And the second one is like where where she gives him comments on it I think she says what she wants to to be changed or something with it with the hair. maybe she wants the hair to be more curly in the ends or something and then the third picture is painting it a bit differently and then s she shows it off to her friends in the fourth picture she doesn't really look like that but. she wants to look like that . . Yeah I like more if you say like pop arts and stuff. like that or where it's museums that have more of not just pictures maybe you get to hear music at the same time and. That kind of stuff I like that. not at the moment I just moved so I don't have any things on my w. Any things on my wall . yeah I guess but not not like the ordinary stuff like you know Rembrandt or anything. Like that because it's not really my type of. Art. yeah more like Andy Warhol or. Stuff like that and I have one one poster of it's a it is of Elvis. a really big one when he's he has the guitar and it's black and white. Yeah it's a photograph. Yeah I go I I went more when I lived in London. Cos it's free and you can go in there. And if it's raining you can be in there for a couple of hours. If you want to I dunno what it's called that National Portrait Gallery or something. That's c that's nice I think . we went to went many times and they change the focus on different exhibitions and stuff like that. But they have a j have have as well when you're going to a room and there's a short video sequence. of like one person or something and that's I I like that kind of art you know. When it's more you don't know what is going to happen and it's more that you remember it afterwards. . For two years. No . I worked the first three months. And then I worked in coffee shops and everywhere I had. Six different jobs. First year I lived in Tottenham. Just by Tunpark Lane. And then the second year I lived in which is south east. Yeah when I went home I w I was planning to go back in just a couple of months but then I started to study and now it's been two years already. I don't know . Yeah I left a lot of stuff there as well. I don't think so . . 'kay. 