Yes. . okay I'll talk about topic topic number two. A country: that I've visited. I've been to France for: about three years all in all I love France I like it as a country I love the people I love the language. I first went there as an au-pair when I was about twenty didn't like that as a job. So I switched and I worked as a waitress I went to school learning French as a foreign student for about a year worked in shops. Even made pizzas for a while. Yes. I met a boyfriend and I stayed on for about two and a half years but then it got kind of rough economically so I went back to Sweden and then I've been to Name cos that was my stay in Paris which is a town in North-Eastern: France close to Switzerland and I: was there for four months. Sent over there by the French Institution here. as an Erasmus student. So I studied at university and that was it was a small town. Very nice though different from Paris cos Paris is still the best. Yes and what I like is the cultural life. There's a pulse in the city you can feel it lot of different people you can meet anyone you want you can be whoever you want you can go to the cinema every day it's cheap you can go to the theatre a lot of things going on the cafés everything. Yes it does and then I. k that was before the European Community entered Sweden or the. Other way around we entered the European Community I couldn't get a job I had. A job but I couldn't get the:[i:i working permit. So I had to return. I did but I've lost a lot of it it'll it will come back. I like that they're a bit more intellectual than Swedes you're not really allowed to be that here it's seen as a bit not ugly but it's not. Looked upon with I dunno nice eyes and they like to: go out and meet people have dinners invite people and meet new people. And Swedes especially in the wintertime they tend to sit at home and well. Yes . They're more dynamic as you say. When they have conversations sometimes I get the impression they talk just to talk and they argue just to argue it's not really their: point of view that they're expressing but still they do it just to get an argument going. and if you watch TV shows you you see a lot of intellectual programmes and a lot of people watch them and a lot of people read the magazines the newspapers and you discuss different topics and the cultural life in itself is now I don't know the word the state gives a lot of money to the. Cultural life and i and it's noticeable very much because it's all over and it's ea ea easy to grab out and g and get your bit of it. if you have money. Yes definitely but if you don't i it's not th they have a poverty that I I've never seen before I went there. and if you're unlucky if you're not very smart in school you don't stand a chance really from the beginning it's an elite society. very much so. . . oh. no it's true very much so here you can see people walk and shop in those small wooden shoes sometimes in the. Summertime. And down there: women always wear make-up they wear their hair in in a nice way they dress nicely and the men so too. here you can go out in a jogging suit . the French way. yes I do it's more fun. Yeah definitely. Oh less liberated. well that's one of the: the bad sides of maybe you have to look good so they're very: into that all the time much more than Swedish women are the they a lot of time they spend on it. And of course when they get children it's the woman who: should stay at home even amongst the young ones a lot of the times it is like that. it's hard to make a career as a woman. All those bits of it. So that's not a nice part either of French society. No because I was Swedish and they tend to like. Swedish people. yes. so. we're kind. hard-working reliable it was very easy to get a job as a Swedish woman. They did not like American women so I was told a lot of times. Cos they were lazy . Yes. well. Oh definitely. maybe I like it here but I also like it abroad so I I have mixed. Feelings about it but France if I had to choose a country it would be. France yes. It would. I don't know that. I've only been there just for holidays you know and. I like it but dunno. Yes. Oh yeah Musée d'Orsay. That's my favourite. absolutely. yes I love it. I paint myself. So: you can study just studying the paint brushes the colours how they did it you can see how they worked their way through the painting. see them in real life cos it's three-dimensional the paint brush strokes. You can't see them otherwise. It's difficult. I have not thought about that no. . yes it's in the Louvre. I don't know that. yes that I would believe perhaps. Motif. first of all I think that's tricky. I haven't given it much thought and then I I paint my more in the abstract rather than so it's not of anything it just comes up. And I I splash a lot of paint on the . Canvasses that's about it. well because of the don't know the intonation there patriarch society. yes women: didn't have the education to become painters. And even if they had it an innate talent. They: weren't allowed to express it I think. For a long period of time. And I think also that a lot of male artists that actually went crazy they were allowed to be crazy but women artists are not allowed. To be that. nobody likes it it scares people off instead of buying it they they get repulsed. . I can't picture it in my mind. . I do I I can't see the picture in my mind so I don't know. no I don't. No. I like. Monet. Why oh because he captures nature in a beautiful way. I like Van Gogh cos of his colouring it's beautiful I like the. Impressionists because y the brush strokes mainly and the colouring and that they see something in: inside their heads and they put it on the canvas. And they don't see reality and put reality on the canvas so they have an. Expression in it. yes to a certain extent. Not too abstract not if you want to: portray reality you can't be too abstract I don't like Picasso. That's too far off you can't see what it's supposed to be but if if you just go for. The abstract and don't pretend it's supposed to look like anything in reality then I love it but . we. Swedish art right now it heads towards more and more abstract. And it's horrible I think. Well you can go to an art gallery and pay money and spend an hour and all you see is a red line that goes from left to right on the canvas and there's a: black dot and it's supposed to express something. I think it's pretty stupid. Yes I think so cos art to me is someone that really can use all the different techniques pencil and charcoal and oil painting everything and then. Make something of it. That have a: people that have a real talent for it. good thank you. 