Yeah think I do. Yeah in different places yeah I do I went to one in in you know the what do you call it in in Tjörn the island. just close to here . I don't know what it's called even in not even in Swedish. . the way they paint. Water colours that's it exactly. Yeah so they have some kind of famous Swedish artist painting there. Yeah I think I prefer other pictures though. I think so. I dunno why really. but portrait is like you can take a puff photograph maybe instead of. Painting them. she shu yeah yeah probably true yeah. I'm not sure it depends on the . Maybe if I can do what she does she does in these pictures. to get it look the way I want to. maybe but that's cheating so . . sometimes. yeah. Exactly yeah it depends on: if if you're prepared for the picture. or if you're just . like eating something and chewing away and then somebody takes your picture that's not. The best . I did yeah mostly scenery which is a bit boring now but it was fun when I took them . And cows and sheep and stuff in in Scotland mainly yeah mostly so. not. Much my friends went well th they came to see me on my birthday last year and they took some pictures of me pouring pints and stuff but. I didn't take that m I should have taken more pictures I think. I think so yeah. I think so after a few pints they would have. Been willing . It would have been yes it's one of my hobbies actually photography so I. Should have thought of this but I didn't. Yeah. not really but it's I tend to to do it. it's when you are out there with the camera and you think that oh what a lovely scenery . you just take pictures but I like taking portraits actually. Yeah of friends and family and things but. It's been a long time since I really used this hobby. not at the moment I used to when I was a bit younger I could. but . no. Yeah. Yeah . probably yeah I think so depending on if if you explain to them what you're going to do with the picture and maybe. If you're in a course or something. they might agree I did a course before in photography. like millions of years ago . Ah no maybe seven years ago but then we went out on on town and asked people. and they most of the time they said yes. So. I think they did at the time yes. it's not too late. no no . Ho it's it's a mixture of different cameras put together . I've got my my mother's old camera and I don't even know what it is it's not a famous brand or anything. Exactly yeah so the lens is some some brand and the rest of the camera. I is some other brand. no no it's not at all . I assure you that . Okay. that was quick. 