<h nt"JP" nr"JP039">

<Part 1>


1: so which topic did you choose 
2: (erm) I choose topic two 
1: okay please talk ahead 
2: (mhm) I . I have visit in: England to to stay for: three weeks <cough> to homestay and I I try I try to study English more er: when I: when I was high school student . and my my host family was so kind but erm:. I .. I hardly had see all families at one time  so <cough> but I often talked .. little girl and little boy and my host mother and I I could not speak English so well but (erm) my host mother . had (er) my host mother: .. tried to understand my English so: . I was so happy to understand my English and (erm) .. and I . I went to school in English so but . in the class (erm) . we have all Japanese students but the teacher was English so we  learned 
1:   
2: English and . we we tried to explain the Japanese short story in English . and (erm) my teacher did not did not know .. some Japanese stories which (erm) which we talk . so: we . (mhm) we explain (erm) wi with som some way like (eh) for for example we describe (eh) on the board or (er) or describe the .. some kind of  picture 
1:  (mm) 
2: so it's it was so: very . very fun for me so it's .. very exciting program I thought (eh) and . and (erm) in the city was so: the city was . so (eh) the city was not so much people in there so: . I have to (eh) I have to go home alone  it's very it was very sad and (er) I went there in winter so it was very  cold 
1:  (mm) 
2: (erm) so I had to walk along the sea and it was . so strong wind and very very cold so I: didn't like to go to school  but (erm) but in school (erm) my school life was very so fun so . it was very exciting .. experience I think <sigh> 
1: okay very good o:kay . which . town in England did you stay 
2: (erm) Landsgate 
1: okay . could you tell me more about that place 
2: (erm) .. it has maybe ... it takes three hour from London <questionings her voice a little> maybe  .. and Landsgate was (em) Kent <foreign> shyu </foreign>... it it Landsgate was near the Dover: Dover . <foreign> Kaikyo </foreign>... 
1: Is it country side  or: 
2:  yeah country side there I think 

<Part 2>


1: o okay how is country  there  
2:   erm: .. that the country side but I think ... it . (erm) I think there: is ... the  is easy to   (erm) . (erm) ... 
1:  what 
2: the: the road was very easy to understand the all road has name so I (mm) (erm) .. tha that was my first time .. to . to go to school: but I can I could go to school only only having map so: .. it was (erm) . easy to understand to read the . road 
1: okay I see (erm) you said you stayed with family there Engl English family there erm: could you compare the difference between English family and Japanese family 
2: I: I think it it has no: difference . between the English family and my family  
1: (erm) 
2: because (erm) the the family has two brothers and one sister and they . were they do: ..erm: they do: .. something to do something to do they like . each other . and my family is same and: they are: maybe they are: they likes they like television so they often watched the television and my family  also . like television so I think it it was no difference in England and my family 
1: I see okay what was the: most memo memorable happing during your stay 
2: erm: my (erm) my host family's sister tried to: teach English for me 
1: (uhu) 
2: and . erm: one day one day she took me (erm) to some somewhere near the house and: with her friend and I she and I play some game in that place 
1: (uhu) 
2: and she she told me . anything in England or some about (eh) about that place and it was very fun for me and . the that it . (eh) that was study for me .. it: was very memorable  
1: okay I see and you also said that you were interested in teaching Japanese things in your class 
2: yeah <in a small voice> 
1: what kind of topic did you erm: teach 
2: erm: ... may maybe I our group taught the: Japanese horrible story 
1: (uhu) 
2:  erm: . we taught .. erm: . a: Japanese woman who broken the master's plate . 
1: (uhu) 
2: the story .. (eh) it was very . difficult thing for me that is to (eh) that was .. to: to explain the Japanese temple .. my teacher did not come  Japan 
1:  umm 
2: so she did didn't know: the Japanese temple so we: we have . we had differen (erm) we had we felt difficult to explain . the Japanese temple 
