<h nt"JP" nr"JP005">

<Part 1>


1: hello 
2: hello 
1: hi my name is <full name> may I have your name please 
2: yes my name is <full name> 
1: <first name> 
2: yes 
1: how are you today 
2: good thank you how are you 
1: I'm I'm very fine thank you . okay (eh) first (eh) could you tell me about yourself maybe could you tell me about your family 
2: my family 
1: yes 
2: okay my family is .. father mother and younger brother and me (em) my my father works on (eh) . sorry my father is a .. <foreign> eeto </foreign> .. national civil worker and he . he go to his office everyday by car and (em) he he is forty-eight years old and . (mm) .. my mother is a (eh) my mother works on in . in office and she is forty-six years old and .. (em) ...mm . my my mother .. (mm) ... works about at house making an and my brother is . eighteen years old now he is working on ... (eh) now he is a worker so I I and my family are sepa separated now and I I live alone ... (mm) . 
1: okay good (eh) so your where is your family now 
2: my family is now in  Tochigi . prefecture yes 
1:  (mm) .. I see ... are they live in Tokyo right 
2: yes 
1: okay could you tell me about you know . your . your life . do you live in an apartment 
2: yes yes I live in apartment my apartment is in Ikejiri . and . so it's very near to college and . I . it it it tooks about fifteen minutes by walking to come to school and .. (mm) ... so I ... so I can .. sleep until seven thirty morning and I I I eat breakfast every morning . and so I I must cook dinner by myself but sometimes I . when I I am tired I ... sometimes I buy something convenience store  and so (mm) ... so (mm) I <foreign> unto </foreign> I began to live by myself . (eh) at . March this year so (mm) ... living myself is (eh) enjoyable (eh) but (eh) sometimes I feel lonely and I I remember my family so (mm) . I usu I usually call call my family and usually I spea (eh) I talk to my mother so . (mm) .. so . after I began to live by myself in Tokyo . (mm) .. I I can I could realize my my at my family are all helpful for me so it it's a my good experiment 
1: (em) I see good good (eh) .. so which do you like better . to living in a big city like Tokyo and living in your hometown in Tochigi 
2: (mm) .. I like in (eh) I like to live in Tochigi .. (em) .. living in Tokyo is very enjoyable but (mm) . Tokyo is very convenient to live but .. (mm) there are few (mm) . tree or flower or and so (eh) I I had lived (mm) arou I had lived .. (mm) country for eighteen years so (eh) it's so country is very (eh) sometimes country is un unconvenient to to live because (eh) in in my hometown (eh) I I always use bus so <foreign> untto </foreign> .. my nearest station is Ujiie Station but (eh) to go to this station it takes about thirty minutes by car so very . very unconvenient and I I don't have car license yet so I have to use bus an or my my family's car (eh) car (eh) yes so but (eh) (mm) (mm) .. but I I feel very comfortable when I go back to my home because there there is a lot of nature around the house yes . 

<Part 2>


1: good okay thank you . alright (eh) now . (erm) I have two things to do  with you . okay so 
2:  yes 
1: the first thing is .. I would like to have a short conversation with you ..  three 
2:  yes 
1: topics . Okay <showing the first sheet to the interviewee> please take a look at them and then please choose one topic and try to speak about (erm) for three  minutes 
2:  three minutes 
1: yes .. <thinking the answer for about 15 seconds> are you ready 
2: <after a few seconds> yes 
1: alright okay which topic would you like to talk about 
2: (mm) I'd like to talk about my . topic one .  experience .. 
1: okay 
2: (em) .. my (eh) I choose I choose my important experience .. it is (em) .. the in in English class in (eh) when . in my high school yes I I .. I have liked English at . for (mm) .. (eh) my favorite subject was English and when I . when I when I enter the high school I met (eh) English teacher (eh) my English teacher is was about fifty years old then and she she is very . she was very strict for me (eh) for us for students and also she is she was strict to herself and she <cough> I think she . she did everything (mm) her life is was is .. all about high school so I think she always thought about me or other students and (mm) .. she I I liked her English class very much (eh) because and she always she she was always (mm) (eh) she helped always me and .. hel help .. so .. (mm) and (eh) and (eh) her her her life and the way of teaching is was very helpful for me so I I I I get got very important thing from her 
1: I see good good okay so (eh) . are you interested in teaching like her in the future 
2: (erm) ... ye (eh) (mm) (eh) . my future (mm) ... my opinion is not so much (eh) her teaching was very . (eh) very very good for me but but I I'm afraid that I I will be able to have self-confidence so (mm) and I I I am not so strict for me and I so .. I am afraid I couldn't I can 
