<h nt"JP" nr"JP041">


<Part 2>


1: okay I see very much okay so: why do you like the movie 
2: mhm: because I like Bruce Willis 
1: (uhu) 
2: and the movie he act (eh) the movie . in the movie  the Bruce Willis was (eh) acted in the in that movie so . I like I like the movie and: and it was very recently movie and (eh) I saw some tv (mm) many advertisement of that movie so I wan I wanted to see that movie 
1: (mm) I see okay could you tell me more about Bruce Willis 
2: (erm) he he is (mm) famous  Armageddon Armageddon and the: and the: .. many  movie (erm) he also acted (erm) Pulp Fiction and (eh) I I I like Bruce Willis but I like the movie and Bruce Willis . I like the Bruce Willis than the movie <foreign> atto chigau </foreign> I like the: movie than the Bruce Willis maybe . <laugh> 
1: okay (uhu) (mm) 
2: so I saw many works of .. (erm) .. 
1: okay I see .. well: that's . (erm) what's your saying was . kind of scary to me 
2: (mm) 
1: is the movie scary to you 
2: erm: some scenes are gho erm: appeared the ghost so it was very awful some someone dead the traffic accident so someone (mm) brod brod blood  bloody 
1:  (mm) 
2: and someone has a hole in the body 
1: (uhu) (mm) 
2: mm: many many awful things 
1: (mm) 
2: but . but it was maybe okay <laugh> 
1: why 
2: (erm) it was a: little a little short time so: not a: horror  movie 
1:  umm 
2: just a: just a second minutes 
1: (uhu) (uhu) 
2: so: maybe it was okay but some very  surprise 
1:  umm 
2: suddenly the scene was  appeared so it was  very sur  surprised .. 
1:  (uhu) (mm)  yeah (mm) scary 
2: yeah scary 
1: okay so: do do you like scary movies or happy movies 
2: erm: I like happy movies 
1: okay why 
2: cause scare movie: is also exciting but the: af after seeing the movie: the hap the scary movie is . not . happy 
1: (mm) 
2: I like happy movies because the: after seeing the movie I can . be: happy in my mind 
1: (mm) 
2: so: it's encourage sometimes encourages me and sometimes cheer ups me so I like the movie I like the happy movie than scary movie 
1: I see okay do you have any: recommendation of happy movies 
2: erm: (eh) yes I have (erm) I like Disney movies 
1: (mm) 
2: erm: I recommend (eh) the Beauty and the Beast it was (eh) very romantic movie 
1:  really tell me more about  it 
2:  yeah  erm:  it also a kind of love love roman lov love romance movie 
1: (mm) 
2: but erm: not so rea real realistic  love romance it was animation  so 
1:  (uhu) (mm)  oh okay 
2: I can I can see we can see that movie (erm) like fantastic feeling so . it is easy to see (erm) if even if the view viewer viewer is child erm: or senior everyone can see the movie en enjoy 
1: okay what do you think of her 
2: (erm) she is the kind of nervous . nervous person and (erm) she has  she has erm: strong woman and she proud of herself very much and .. (mm) maybe she is beau beautiful .. and she know . she is she know her beauty in herself .. so: she has a confidence maybe .. 
1: how about him 
2: (erm) he is just art[artist and he just draw  the picture the: she told (eh) the the 
1:  umm  umm 
2: them .. (erm) or order ordered ordered order  ordered 
1:  umm 
2: and: he is the artist (erm) <sigh> erm: he is not strong person (mm) he maybe he has a kind feeling 
1: okay I see if you were her  friends what would you  think 
2:  (uhu)  erm: maybe I if I were her friend I don't like her  
1:  why not 
2: cause she she maybe she do doesn't have kind of <foreign> Enryo's </foreign> feeling 
1: (mm) 
2: I I thought she needs (erm) something to consider something (eh) she need a: something to consider the the other person 
1: I see thank you very much this is end of this interview 
2: thank you 


