<h nt"JP" nr"JP017">
 

<Part 2>


1: okay now I would like to do two things with you today okay the first thing is about this <showing the first sheet to the interviewee> there are three topics . and then I would like to talk a small conversation about one of the topics . so please look at these topics and choose one . okay and please try to speak for three to five minutes about the topic you choose .  okay 
2:  okay <thinking quietly for about 10 second> 
1: ready 
2: yes 
1: okay go ahead 
2: okay I choose topic  two 
1:  (uhu) 
2: and (eh) last September . I visited the United States it was the (er) . second time for me to go there . but (erm) . the first ti in the first time . I went there with all Showa students to Boston but in that in this time I went there by myself . and I went to the language school and and I visited the San Francisco and I stayed in (eh) ..  club and the most interested thing for me was was making many friends from many countries so . (erm) . since that the trip was (eh) second trip for me (erm) I can adjust myself . (mm) .. more easily than that the first time but in this tim in this time . I have to speak English all day in order to communicate with many people from other countries . and I met . some European friends and at first time she had (mm) a stereotype for the Japanese or (er) Asian people and when I heard about that . I really sh I really I was really shocked because I am Asian people . but gradually (erm) she (mm) . she can understand me and she can communicate with (eh) me and or other Asian people and finally she said . I'm interested in Japanese . I'm very glad . so we were in the United States . but we had a great experience in the United States . so of course I met many American people and I like them but (mm) .. same as American people I like European people . I can I could find . I like (erm) people so .. (erm) (mm) .. it was a great experience for me 
1: I see great thank you now I have some  questions (erm) .. you said your 
2:  (mhm) 
1: friend  changed . regarding her stereotype of Japanese people but how did you 
2:  yes 
1: (erm) .. communicate her about . Japanese people 
2: oh (erm) .. at first time we had a same class . but we separated (eh) we sit sat separate separately . but one day . teacher said to the class classmates you should change the seat every time . so one day I could have a time to sit next to her . and suddenly she asked me . tell me about your Japanese words something and I'm very glad and I told some Japanese word some easy word like <foreign> ohayo </foreign> or <foreign> itadaki-masu </foreign> and especially <foreign> itadaki-masu </foreign> was (erm) .. fascinating word for European people because they don't they don't use the word before (eh) meal . and also I asked her and tell me about your country's word she is from Germany and I I learned about some easy Germany word and we can get to know each other more than before . and after school we went shopping each other or we went . (eh) no we played the table table tennis we had a good time 
1: I see great thank you 
2: your welcome  
