<h nt"JP" nr"JP003">

<Part 1>


1: hello my name is <full name> what's your name please 
2: my name is <full name> 
1: hi nice to meet you <first name> 
2: nice to meet you 
1: how are you today 
2: fine thank you and you 
1: fine thank you okay can you tell me a little bit about yourself 
2: about myself 
1: yup 
2: well .. (em) I was born in Tokyo . in nineteen ninety seven . nineteen seventy seven . and now I'm twenty years old . and .. and . I my hobby is . cooking and reading or listening to the music and swimming skiing . I don't know I like to do many things .. (mm) .. well . and 
1: and 
2: I like English 
1: okay 
2: <giggle> 
1: tell me why do like English 
2: because . (em) .. well . I like .. (em) American people . when I was junior high student . my native speaker is an American was American and h his way of living his culture yeah I like the way of Americans live 
1: (mhm) 
2: well .. (em) ... it's so different from as we live and as they live so I'm interested in that life and so if we learn that culture I we have to learn English <giggle> 
1: so have you ever been to any foreign countries 
2: yes I went to America twice 
1: (mhm) 
2: and Australia 
1: okay tell me more about the trip 
2: trip 
1: (mhm) 
2: yes well .. when I was twe no fourteen I went to Seattle .. as a ... <foreign> gakuryo </foreign> (em) .. to study English . and last year I went to Boston . and this summer vacation I went to Australia . with my friend <giggle> 

<Part 2>


1: okay that's great . well I would like to do two things today with you (eh) . first I will show you three topics <showing the first sheet to the interviewee> 
2: (mhm) 
1: please choose one of the following topics and think a little about what you're going to say . then please try to talk for three to five minutes 
2: (mm) 
1: when you're ready please start <interviewee is thinking about the topic for about 30 seconds> 
2: okay 
1: okay 
2: topic three 
1: (mhm) 
2: well . film is movie . (eh) . I saw the movie called Con Air yesterday . do you see that 
1: no 
2: Con Air . well .. yeah it's famous in American and . and that was really impressed me . the the plot is was (em) like hijack in the airplane and ... ther there was . a couple husband and wife .. and . husband was . (mm) was far away from her  his wife for a while to . he was an army to to went to the war like the Vietnam War and he come back came back to her wife . but when they are dancing and drinking the ca in like in the bar .. he .. get he get involved at trouble with some other guys drunken people and he killed that guy by accident and he e came (eh) . he arrested and he went he became a prisoner he went to the prison and his his punishment was ten years in prison . and <giggle> and after ten years he came back to . her wife and her wife has a baby but but he didn't he'd never see her see his their baby so he was very excited to come back and see her wife his wife and his child but when he . back to the . what (em) .. he came back by plane and that plane was a lot of prisoners . and many ... well he killed only one people but other prisoners did more terrible things and . and they are planning to go . go other country no no policemen and no society like an island . and with no people . but he tried to go . well he wanted to stop the plan and he managed to back to the America (eh) . and that . and that process was really great . lot of actions and lot of blood (eh) .. some .. and there is some ... (erm) terrible thing but .. but finally they got . they can he can be her wife and child . and that day (eh) . her child's birthday . so . when . when he met her wife .. that was the end of the story . though I cried that when I see that (mm) 
1: I see . okay sounds like exciting . but you often go to see that kind of movie 
2: yes I like movies and I like many kinds of movies like romances or actions or horrors yes I like movies and I like to go to the movie theater 
1: (mhm) . okay great thank you very much so next activity is this .. <showing the second sheet to the interviewee> I'll show you four pictures from one to four . and please make up your own story about these  pictures . again when you are 
2:  (uhu) 
1: ready please start 
2: okay .. wait a minute .. <10 second silence for thinking> okay well there there is a painter .. and he was .  he was going to drawing a picture of of a woman sitting on the chair . and she poses and she was expected to . write to him she was expect (eh) he want he she want him to be draw . really beautiful but when she when she saw the picture she kind of disappointed . yes . he she has a straight hair but . and he draw as as he saw straight . but but she want the hair curly and she she asked him to draw again and he painted again and . s and the final picture . she was satisfied and she showed that yes she hang the hang the picture on the wall and some other girls saw the picture . yeah 

