<h nt"JP" nr"JP031">


<Part 1>


1: did you decide your topic 
2: yes 
1: which one are you going to talk about 
2: (er) I selected topic two 
1: okay . please go ahead 
2: okay (er) the country I was very impressed was Thailand 
1: (uhu) 
2: and I went . there (er) . last summer . and I visited countryside and I was very impressed by children 
1: (uhu) 
2: and (er) (mm) they looked . little poor for Japanese people but (erm) they didn't feel that they are poor and their . s smiles were (er) so bright .. and . (erm) so I recognized what the . poor mean . and what rich means 
1: (uhu) 
2: (mm) . and (er) and it was my first time to (er) visit country (er) countryside in Thailand and the they had no electric and they had no water and so of course . it was quite different from (er) Japan and the chi (eh) so surely (mm) children were quite different from (er) that of Japan so how to play was . different so in Thailand they were playing in the river . and they . they could be s satisfied with it (mm) so they had no (er) T V games 
1: (mm) 
2: (mm) so (erm) so I . I thought which . children .. were (erm) happy (mm) 
1: so could you tell me your definition of poor poorness and  richness 
2:  (er) (mm) .. (er) they can (er) they looked . poor for us for Japanese people and . <clears her throat> and Thailand (er) is said that . it is developing country (mm) but . I think its means discrimination little bit because they don't feel that they are poor . so (em) so my (er) viewpoint was changed and now my definition (er) of poor . is that (mm) it's as to mind (mm) so (eh) it is said that Japanese (er) children or rich but (mm) they don't know how to play . and they're only (er) playing in (eh) at home and the play games and very isolated . from others and they don't know how to (er) how to (mm) . how to communicate with others (mm) so it's I think it's connected to society so school is a small society I think . so if they can't . (mm) get along . together with others in the small society I think it's poor and .. (mm) it's dangerous . I think (mm) 
1: you also said that you (em) you wonder (em) which children are more ha happier right 
2: (mhm) 
1: what's your result 
2: (er) .. in Thailand (er) they can survive so . I think they are happier than Japanese children (mm) and (er) I felt that their smiles were different . from Japanese children's smiles I felt so and other Japanese visitors (er) thought so like me (mm)   
1:  how are their smiles different 
2: (er) how .. (mm) I felt that they were so honest and pure (mm) .. (mm) how different .. (mm) and they they really know how to be happy (mm) so (erm) to make friends or to help their parents or to see . (erm) to enjoy seeing nature around them (mm) they really know (mm) how to be happy (mm) 
