<h nt"JP" nr"JP017">

<Part 1>


1: hi 
2: hi 
1: hi my name is <full name> what is your name 
2: my name is <full name> 
1: To <first name> 
2: Yes 
1: how are you today 
2: fine thanks and you 
1: I'm fine thank you . okay thank you for coming okay (eh) I know you are a student 
2: yes 
1: but (eh) would you tell me about school 
2: school 
1: (mhm) 
2: I go to Showa Women's University 
1: (mhm) 
2: and I'm a junior year 
1: (mhm) 
2: and I'm studying English literature 
1: okay and (eh) what kind of classes do you take 
2: (erm) my major is (eh) .. communication so I have many communication classes like interpreting or intercultural communication 
1: (mm) I see could you tell me about an interpretation course 
2: oh okay <laugh> (eh) it's very hard for me (erm) in (mm) in every day in every every classes (erm) each two students have to . (mm) . have to speak have to . have two minutes speech in front of .. the class classmates . and after that (mm) we listen to CNN news and we have to interpreting . we have to do interpreting from English to Japanese 
1: (mhm) . I see so do you like it 
2: yes <laugh> 
1: great great okay (erm) . what about your family please tell me about your family 
2: (eh) okay there are fou four people in my family my father my mother and my brother and myself . but now we live separate because I'm living by myself in Tokyo and my parent and my brother lives in Ibaraki prefecture 
1: (mhm) I see tell me about your single life 
2: single life   
1:   
2: okay (eh) on this . on last April I start I started to live by myself .. so now I'm . (er) I'm adjusting the new life . and almost every day I cook my meal and .. (mm) .. I (mm) .. I have to clean my room by myself . but it's fun 
1: (mm) I see great . and what do you do when you do not go to school 
2:  (eh) 
1:  do any hobbies 
2: yes I have hobbies . I like playing the piano and I like mov I like I like watching movie . but usually . I have a part time job 
1: (mm) 
2: and I go working . I go to working 
1: (mm) I see what kind of part time part time job do you have 
2: (erm) (erm) . I teach English and Japanese to . junior high school student  at private 
1:  (mhm) 
2: school 
1: (mm) tell me more about it   
2:   okay (erm) . twice a week . about twice a week I go to private private school and . at one time I have to teach . English for three students and I sit down next to them . and if they have a question . they have to ask me .  teacher and I also have to give the exact answer or sometimes 
1:  (mhm) 
2: I have to explain the structure or . word meaning 
1: (mhm) I see so how did you get interested in teaching 
2: teaching . (erm) .. I don't know exactly but I'm interested in Japanese teacher for foreigners so maybe I like teaching something to  people 
1:  (mhm) 
2: so and of course <being laughter> I can get much  money  
1:  (mhm) 
2: through this job 
1: (mhm) I see so would you like to (er) . take a teaching job in the future 
2: (eh) I don't think so  
1: why not 
2: because . (erm) .. because I have a (eh) . future dream so it's diffi different so teaching English for students is just my hobby hobby (mm) .. just my job 
1: (mhm) 
2: so (eh) in the future I want to . speak English or use English to . not only the students but also many different people 
1: (mhm) I see so what is your future dream if I can  ask  
2:   okay I wanna be a flight attendant in the future 
1: great okay great good luck   
2:  thank you   

<Part 2>


1: okay now I would like to do two things with you today okay the first thing is about this <showing the first sheet to the interviewee> there are three topics . and then I would like to talk a small conversation about one of the topics . so please look at these topics and choose one . okay and please try to speak for three to five minutes about the topic you choose .  okay 
2:  okay <thinking quietly for about 10 second> 
1: ready 
2: yes 
1: okay go ahead 
2: okay I choose topic  two 
1:  (uhu) 
2: and (eh) last September . I visited the United States it was the (er) . second time for me to go there . but (erm) . the first ti in the first time . I went there with all Showa students to Boston but in that in this time I went there by myself . and I went to the language school and and I visited the San Francisco and I stayed in (eh) ..  club and the most interested thing for me was was making many friends from many countries so . (erm) . since that the trip was (eh) second trip for me (erm) I can adjust myself . (mm) .. more easily than that the first time but in this tim in this time . I have to speak English all day in order to communicate with many people from other countries . and I met . some European friends and at first time she had (mm) a stereotype for the Japanese or (er) Asian people and when I heard about that . I really sh I really I was really shocked because I am Asian people . but gradually (erm) she (mm) . she can understand me and she can communicate with (eh) me and or other Asian people and finally she said . I'm interested in Japanese . I'm very glad . so we were in the United States . but we had a great experience in the United States . so of course I met many American people and I like them but (mm) .. same as American people I like European people . I can I could find . I like (erm) people so .. (erm) (mm) .. it was a great experience for me 
1: I see great thank you now I have some  questions (erm) .. you said your 
2:  (mhm) 
1: friend  changed . regarding her stereotype of Japanese people but how did you 
2:  yes 
1: (erm) .. communicate her about . Japanese people 
2: oh (erm) .. at first time we had a same class . but we separated (eh) we sit sat separate separately . but one day . teacher said to the class classmates you should change the seat every time . so one day I could have a time to sit next to her . and suddenly she asked me . tell me about your Japanese words something and I'm very glad and I told some Japanese word some easy word like <foreign> ohayo </foreign> or <foreign> itadaki-masu </foreign> and especially <foreign> itadaki-masu </foreign> was (erm) .. fascinating word for European people because they don't they don't use the word before (eh) meal . and also I asked her and tell me about your country's word she is from Germany and I I learned about some easy Germany word and we can get to know each other more than before . and after school we went shopping each other or we went . (eh) no we played the table table tennis we had a good time 
1: I see great thank you 
2: your welcome  
