<h nt"JP" nr"JP043">
 

<Part 2>


1: and (erm) have you been to other places as well 
2: yeah Singapore Malaysia Indonesia . Cambodia 
1: Cambodia too: oh when did you go 
2: last last month 
1: last month during summer vacation okay 
2: yeah .. it was very ..   very strange  
1:  ok .. (mhm) 
2: and I've been to Macao, China, Paris, Guam and Hawaii 
1: (mhm) .. okay so you've been to most of the Southeast Asia already  
2:  yeah ...yes 
1: so you must try for America now or Europe .. oh you've already been to Paris 
2: yeah but I'd like to go to mainland of United States .. maybe next holiday I will 
1: okay 
2: I want 
1: okay so you know lots of countries  so 
2:  yeah maybe  
1: so (mm) .. so when you visit (eh) such foreign countries .. and when you come back to Japan 
2: yeah 
1: what's the most striking difference striking . (erm) I mean what impresses you most as the different features of Japan maybe its difficult to say in a word of course  but 
2:  yeah 
1: but when you come back to Narita from  such kind of trips 
2:  yeah 
1: you must notice something is different 
2: yeah .. little bit . of course Japan is my mother country so . I feel somethin' relaxed or like that but I feel its not so happy unhappy and something . tired and bore bored 
1: (mm) . bored .. okay . (erm) . you feel  bored 
2:  yeah 
1: when you come  back 
2:  cause when I .. I 'm out into countries I feel exciting and happy and 
1: (mhm) .. 
2: in Japan I I cannot feel some .. how do you say ... 
1: (eh) energy 
2: energy 
1: coming into you  okay so everything is perhaps too peaceful perhaps 
2: yeah .. (er) .. and people don't speak the other languages 
1: okay .. so you don't need to listen carefully  perhaps 
2:  no  
1: okay so everything is normal and you don't like it  so much  
2:   I don't like it  
1: erm: so (eh) you feel different when you are in other countries okay (erm) but of course when you are in different countries you must be very watchful I mean you must be careful you know because the customs are different and (erm) people are different and of course the languages are (erm) different .. but .. (erm) .. have you had any (erm) .. how shall I say .. any strange experience abroad  or 
2:  oh 
1: you know .. some .. some kind of fearful experience 
2: (erm) it was not my experience my friends'... (mm) .. tell me ...in Malaysia it's a Moslem country so in public we should not drink alcohol 
1: (mhm) 
2: but Japanese students' group drink in public  and ... 
1:  eh, I see 
2: and have party so it was very bad and local people looks very strangely 
1: (mhm) ... okay 
2: so I think these things I should not do I should learn about their culture and then go there 
1: oh yeah yeah that's for sure 
2: most Japanese don't speak local . language and English so I don't know why they are here and they always stay together .. with Japanese people 
1: (mhm) 
2: make big group so I feel very strange and 
1: (mhm) 
2: there's no reason to make big groups 
1: (mhm) 
2: only Japanese .. so if do so .. they don't need to come to this country ... you should they should stay in Japan 
1: (mhm) exactly yeah .. so when you travel (erm) do you usually travel just by yourself 
2: yeah by myself and make .. find some friend 
1: (mhm) okay .. so its easy for you to find friends 
2: (eh) .. no it's not so easy to do so 
1: oh  
2: well ...  .. 
1: how do you approach somebody 
2: ah .. I don't know why but . I can do it 
1: okay 
2: yeah every time I went European lady  I don't know why but  
1:  oh you are so popular  
2:  every time  
1:  okay ..they approach you .. perhaps  
2: I don't know ...sometimes its next of me on the plane and sometimes my friend introduce her 
1: (mhm) okay so you have lots of friends overseas now 
2: yeah 
1: ok: do you contact them or do you send e-mails to  them or 
2:  yeah I try to do it 
1: okay ok so perhaps some of them may come to Japan in the  future 
2:  yeah 
1: okay (mm) ... so you have a very: how shall I say . (erm) not a typical you are not a typical Japanese traveler  
2:  oh .. thank you  
1:  yeah in a good sense you know  you are not a typical Japanese traveler . so (erm) .. when you graduate from this university would you like to work abroad or study abroad or erm: would you like to stay in Japan or what are your plans 
2: (erm) .. I wanted to be a flight attendant and .. (eh) .. I think I need to study English more to to speak English more and so I wanna to go to Hawaii to study English 
1: (mhm) 
2: 'cause Hawaii is like my place: very good weather and then there are a lot of my friends there .. so I want to go 
1: okay so you want to go to Hawaii 
2: yeah and I want to be a flight attendant of American airlines so and finally I want to . live abroad 
1: okay 
2: in the future 
1: in the future okay .. (erm) .. yes .. Hawaii may have a very good weather but some people say there's too many Japanese there 
2:  yeah I think so  
1: so ..  it may not be good (eh)  for studying English  
2: yeah that's I think of course there's local people and amount of people Europeans so if I try to find .. no Japanese people I can do it 
1: (mhm) yeah yeah .. usually (erm) when Japanese people study abroad not only in Hawaii but in the states as well 
2: yeah 
1: they stick together and there's always a small group of Japanese students together 
2: yeah 
1: so .. and they complain that their English (eh) do not improve as much as they've wanted but they are always in a group just as you've said so its their own fault perhaps 
2: like that 
