<h nt"JP" nr"JP013">

<Part 1>


1: hi my name is <full name> what's your name please 
2: my name is <first name> 
1: hi nice to meet you <first name> 
2: hi nice to meet you too 
1: how are you today 
2: I'm fine but I'm un . I was I'm little tired 
1: tell me why 
2: because yesterday I called my friend for three  hours 
1:  (mhm) .. it's long 
2:  yeah 
1:   okay can you tell me a little bit about yourself 
2: okay .. un .. I live in Saitama .. it . it takes about .. two two half from here and I .. my family i is my father my mother and older sister ... my father works university and my sister is also a student and I .. un .. un I like basketball so .. I was very happy to watch basketball game when I were in Boston .. and .. I work part time job a little bit so I .. (mm) and also I take eighteen classes in a week so I now I'm very busy 
1: I see .okay could you describe where you live now 
2: I live in Higashimatsuyama-city do you know 
1: (eh) .. no 
2: (mhm) .. <long pause> it ... ah .. do you know the Ikebukuro station 
1: (mhm) 
2: I transfer from Yamanote line to Tobu-tojo line and it takes .. about one half from Ikebukuro station (erm) .. my city is .. (mm) little (mm) . country and so but (mm) I like my city because I I live there twent twenty one years so my friend said ... un .. it takes too long to come here so .. un if if you have money you move .. you move . to urban area .. but .. I don't think so because my my friends also live there now so I can't contact with them easily ... 


<Part 2>


1: okay I see .. well . I'd like to do two things today .. and first I'll show you three topics .. <showing the first sheet to the interviewee> please choose one of following topics and think a little about what you are going to say then please try to talk for three to five minutes .. when you are ready please start 
2: <thinking quietly for about 5 seconds> I choose Topic One 
1: okay go ahead 
2: (mhm) .. my learn I learn about second language acquisition I take Midorikawa Sensei <foreign> Zemi </foreign> so my graduation thesis is maybe second language acquisition the reason why I (mhm) am interested in this it is (mhm) .. Japanese people (mhm) .. it is difficult to Japanese people (eh) for Japanese people to acquire article or maybe English so I wanted to know why Japanese people (mhm) .. can't can't easy to acquire in English so (mhm) .. but (erm) .. (em) . this topic is very difficult for me so (erm) .. and now I have a lot of books to read and so (mhm) .. so .. <long pause> when the future I want to be a teacher so (mhm) .. I think (mhm) .. studying second language acquisition is more necessary for me to teach in English so . (mhm) .. <sigh> I can't explain more  
1: okay I see so what do you think is the most difficult to learn in language acquisition 
2: because Japanese and English is are quiet different because Japanese has (eh) doesn't have article or (mhm) different order so maybe Japanese people for Japanese people (mhm) (mm) .. it is difficult 
