<h nt"JP" nr"JP041">

<Part 1>


2: topic three 
1: okay 
2: (erm) I saw the movie: (erm) it was a preview movie (erm) it called Six Sense . (erm) the movie was . the:  the movie was very impressed and: the child ac actor is very very good actor . and he can he can cry many time and it was rea really natural natural tears so and story is also very (erm) also has  very something surprises a at the end of the story so it was ve very interesting for me and: the story . the content of story . is the person who who is the psychological doctor and: child who can see the ghost at first everyone . believe the ghost and he said I can see the ghost but everyone can't believe so everyone (erm)  everyone st treat him the child as a stran strange child and th they thought he  something wrong with his spirit and the doctor is (er) psychological doctor so and at first he also didn't believe him believe the child but (erm) he he had a: same child at past and maybe he can also see the ghost but he didn't be didn't believe the ghost and the: child grew up . grew up then: he should should the doctor then after that the story erm: story . (erm) after that he: he met the child again like his past so .. erm: at last .. (mm) finally (erm) the doctor was dead doctor was also ghost and the child can see him then he he maybe he help doctor (erm) to contact him cause he only he only the child can see the ghost the ghost was doctor 
1: (mm) 
2: erm: and: the child's mother: didn't believe the cha believe believe her: child and her child can see the ghost 
1: (erm) 
2: but at last the child said to his mo mother I can see the ghost I can see your: mother (erm) I mean I can see the gran (eh) I can see (eh) he can see his grandmother and she said to his mother (eh) some some many things that he: (eh) she asked she asked her mother at in front of her grave and: (eh) so the mother can believe the her her child can see the ghost 
1: (erm) 
2: then it was a kind of happy end but it was very impressive movie (mhm) recently I saw that movie so I impressed the movie 
