<h nt"JP" nr"JP031">


<Part 2>


1: how how about Japanese children 
2: Japanese children (mm) .. (mm) they're I think they're luxury (mm) so they don't know how to find how to find (er) things that they wanna have and they . and even . they don't know . how (mm) they need . need (mm) .. (mm) so parents (mm) give them . too much (mm) I think so 
1: how do you think Japanese . children . can be happy 
2: (mm) can be happy . (erm) (er) I disagree with the existence of T V games . and now (er) . (mm) when when I watch T V commercials . there are so many commercials a as to T V games . and (er) .. and the companies are making a lot of kinds of T V games because they can earn so much money .. but I think it's not good for children because <foreign> mmto </foreign> they . will be isolated from others . and and parents also think that (erm) .. it's good for them because they can be satisfied with it and . and you know .. (mm) they and the parents . (mm) can be free . and leave them alone but . I think (er) we need (er) family relationships more .. so (mm) for example when I was a . child I . I played catch ball with my father or .. and my parents (er) took me to zoo or amusement park . in the holidays . (mhm) .. and (erm) so if we don't have cars . or some . we can do . anything . (mm) it's (mm) not only outside but also at home (mm) . anything okay I think ju just conversations (mm) or just . (er) making food or something 
1: so are you saying that . even within the Japanese society 
2: (mm) 
1: children in the olden times times were . happier . than children these days 
2: old days and these days (er) .. (er) yeah (eh) .. (mm) actually in a . a long time ago we had . a place we had places to play . but now we don't have . places and opportunity (er) now . (mm) land . are decreased .. so . (mm) probably we don't have . opportunity e expect just go to . (mm) .. karaoke or game center 
1: (uhu) 
2: so I think (em) . money is the big . problem and the big cause (mm) . and that's why a little problems have happen and . in . in a certain meaning it's a (mm) na natural thing (mhm) because for human we have (er) frustration you know e e e everyone wants to be rich (mm) 
1: so in the future if you have children of your own 
2: yes 
1: are you going to give some money to the children or how how are you going to deal with money 
2: (erm) . I don't give (er) much money to children . and now I have a part time job in <foreign> Juku </foreign> and I'm teaching . at . elementary school students and . some of them have . so much money and .. and they say okay I can . (mm) I can buy . (em) some chocolates for you to friends .. so it's a big problem I think and . (mm) her (er) grandparents grandparents give them (er) give her so much money and . yeah I I can really understand how they . how they . love her but  (mm) but they are making mistakes . and . if (er) when children?erm . bring money to school (mm) big problems will happen  
1: for example 
2: for example . (er) threaten . (mm) (er) give . give me money otherwise . I will . hit you or something (mm) and actually I heard the story like that (mm) 
1: okay thank you very much 
2: thank you very much 
