<h nt"JP" nr"JP039">


<Part 2>


1: o okay how is country  there  
2:   erm: .. that the country side but I think ... it . (erm) I think there: is ... the  is easy to   (erm) . (erm) ... 
1:  what 
2: the: the road was very easy to understand the all road has name so I (mm) (erm) .. tha that was my first time .. to . to go to school: but I can I could go to school only only having map so: .. it was (erm) . easy to understand to read the . road 
1: okay I see (erm) you said you stayed with family there Engl English family there erm: could you compare the difference between English family and Japanese family 
2: I: I think it it has no: difference . between the English family and my family  
1: (erm) 
2: because (erm) the the family has two brothers and one sister and they . were they do: ..erm: they do: .. something to do something to do they like . each other . and my family is same and: they are: maybe they are: they likes they like television so they often watched the television and my family  also . like television so I think it it was no difference in England and my family 
1: I see okay what was the: most memo memorable happing during your stay 
2: erm: my (erm) my host family's sister tried to: teach English for me 
1: (uhu) 
2: and . erm: one day one day she took me (erm) to some somewhere near the house and: with her friend and I she and I play some game in that place 
1: (uhu) 
2: and she she told me . anything in England or some about (eh) about that place and it was very fun for me and . the that it . (eh) that was study for me .. it: was very memorable  
1: okay I see and you also said that you were interested in teaching Japanese things in your class 
2: yeah <in a small voice> 
1: what kind of topic did you erm: teach 
2: erm: ... may maybe I our group taught the: Japanese horrible story 
1: (uhu) 
2:  erm: . we taught .. erm: . a: Japanese woman who broken the master's plate . 
1: (uhu) 
2: the story .. (eh) it was very . difficult thing for me that is to (eh) that was .. to: to explain the Japanese temple .. my teacher did not come  Japan 
1:  umm 
2: so she did didn't know: the Japanese temple so we: we have . we had differen (erm) we had we felt difficult to explain . the Japanese temple 
