<h nt"JP" nr"JP017">
 

<Part 3>


1: okay . now I have one more things to do with you . okay <showing the second sheet to the interviewee> this is a picture story . this goes one two three four so (er) please make up your own story . and when you are ready please tell me the story 
2: okay <thinking quietly for about 5 seconds> 
1: are you ready 
2: yes okay 
1: okay 
2: there is a woman whose husband is an artist and one day he is painting his wife . and she is a model and she is sitting on the chair . after she he finished the paint he finished the painting she looked at the painting and she she got angry because . Sh it (erm) it looks angry and she said to her husband . this is not me  so her husband has to . has to . paint again and . sh he (erm) he was he was he is painting her . smiling . and after he finished the painting she was really glad and she invited the her friends and she introduce . that them . this is me  and this is beautiful 
1: I see great . it's a good story okay . now I have some questions wha why did you see this is a wi a wife and a husband 
2: (er) . pardon 
1: I I think you said that these are a couple these two people are couple 
2: yes (mhm) 
1: why did you think so 
2: (erm) . (em) .. because I think .. he is an artist so he likes  painting only 
1:  (mm) 
2: his favorite  people or only his (mm) relatives or family so I  guess 
1:  I see . great okay (erm) .. what about you (eh) do you like painting . or do you like to go to museums 
2: yes I like go . I like to go to museum but I . I'm not good at painting 
1: (erm) .. could you tell me about your favorite museums 
2: favorite museum (mm) .. my favorite museum is .. Gardener Museum . in Boston 
1: why do you like it 
2: (eh) . because . even the si the mu the size of the museum is very small . compare with other museum they have (eh) great great work and also (eh) .. a few years ago some some paintings had stolen by somebody but the .. (eh) but we we can we could feel the atmosphere at the same time  before the . painting was still  there so I like the atmosphere 
1:  I see I see great  thank you this is all  yeah 
2:  your welcome  yeah 
1: so how did you like it how did you like the interview 
2: interview  (mm) .. it's fun  
1: oh good good . I'm glad you you had a you had a good time  okay thank you for your time 
2: thank you 
1: this is all thank you very much 
2: thank you 
