<h nt"JP" nr"JP005">

<Part 1>


1: hello 
2: hello 
1: hi my name is <full name> may I have your name please 
2: yes my name is <full name> 
1: <first name> 
2: yes 
1: how are you today 
2: good thank you how are you 
1: I'm I'm very fine thank you . okay (eh) first (eh) could you tell me about yourself maybe could you tell me about your family 
2: my family 
1: yes 
2: okay my family is .. father mother and younger brother and me (em) my my father works on (eh) . sorry my father is a .. <foreign> eeto </foreign> .. national civil worker and he . he go to his office everyday by car and (em) he he is forty-eight years old and . (mm) .. my mother is a (eh) my mother works on in . in office and she is forty-six years old and .. (em) ...mm . my my mother .. (mm) ... works about at house making an and my brother is . eighteen years old now he is working on ... (eh) now he is a worker so I I and my family are sepa separated now and I I live alone ... (mm) . 
1: okay good (eh) so your where is your family now 
2: my family is now in  Tochigi . prefecture yes 
1:  (mm) .. I see ... are they live in Tokyo right 
2: yes 
1: okay could you tell me about you know . your . your life . do you live in an apartment 
2: yes yes I live in apartment my apartment is in Ikejiri . and . so it's very near to college and . I . it it it tooks about fifteen minutes by walking to come to school and .. (mm) ... so I ... so I can .. sleep until seven thirty morning and I I I eat breakfast every morning . and so I I must cook dinner by myself but sometimes I . when I I am tired I ... sometimes I buy something convenience store  and so (mm) ... so (mm) I <foreign> unto </foreign> I began to live by myself . (eh) at . March this year so (mm) ... living myself is (eh) enjoyable (eh) but (eh) sometimes I feel lonely and I I remember my family so (mm) . I usu I usually call call my family and usually I spea (eh) I talk to my mother so . (mm) .. so . after I began to live by myself in Tokyo . (mm) .. I I can I could realize my my at my family are all helpful for me so it it's a my good experiment 
1: (em) I see good good (eh) .. so which do you like better . to living in a big city like Tokyo and living in your hometown in Tochigi 
2: (mm) .. I like in (eh) I like to live in Tochigi .. (em) .. living in Tokyo is very enjoyable but (mm) . Tokyo is very convenient to live but .. (mm) there are few (mm) . tree or flower or and so (eh) I I had lived (mm) arou I had lived .. (mm) country for eighteen years so (eh) it's so country is very (eh) sometimes country is un unconvenient to to live because (eh) in in my hometown (eh) I I always use bus so <foreign> untto </foreign> .. my nearest station is Ujiie Station but (eh) to go to this station it takes about thirty minutes by car so very . very unconvenient and I I don't have car license yet so I have to use bus an or my my family's car (eh) car (eh) yes so but (eh) (mm) (mm) .. but I I feel very comfortable when I go back to my home because there there is a lot of nature around the house yes . 
