<h nt"JP" nr"JP036">

<Part 1>


1: okay which topic did you choose 
2: I choose topic two 
1: okay please go ahead 
2: okay (em) .. my most impressed country is Australia when I was fifteen years old when (em) I went to Australia first . (mm) at that time it as a ..mm program of my city to (eh) and the member . (eh) . (mm) was . the (em) junior high school students and we went to Australia for two weeks (mm) that's my first foreign country so I . was .. impressed . the ... wide ... wide area . and (eh) . wide area ... and .. (eh) <laugh> ... at at that . at that time I ... I found I knew the Australia has many immigration ... (mm) it was very .. impressio impressed for me .. because . I live in Japan and in Japan there are only Japanese . so I <laugh> so I . found some . civilisation in Australia .. yeah (erm) I like Australian's nature very much . it (mm) and they have unique animals in that .. (erm) <laugh> .. yeah and . in Australia I live in Australian home ... I stayed with my friend and the family has . four members . the (em) the daughter was (eh) (mm) as old as me and I went to her high school . the high school was so beautiful and (eh) it much Australia's nature ... 
1: (mhm) 
2: yeah 
1: anything else 
2: (eh) .. (mm) ... in the country sides I saw some I saw many cows and (mm) some other natures I like natures very much (mm) ... yeah <laugh>. that's all 
1: okay .. so ... (erm) .. what's the most (erm) memorable .animals  in Australia 
2:  yeah yeah of course koala (erm) in the zoo .. I tou touch the koala but the koala .. (erm) hang koala's (erm) doll in his body and so I .. I touch two koalas one is animal one is doll ye koala is so pretty yeah 
1:  (uhu)  (uhu)  (uhu) how do you feel it 
2: (erm) .. koala is so soft (erm) .. before I touch the koala is so tight hard hard feather but he has very soft feather yeah 
1:  (uhu) 
1:  okay 
2:  yeah 

<Part 2>


1: okay let see .. could tell me more about your Australian family 
2: yes (erm) my host father was policeman he is very ta (er) to (er) high position in Australian police office so he drives very expensive car and (mm) we dri ride on the car and yeah .. and my host fa mother is high school teacher so my daughter goes to .eh the daughter in the host family goes to her mother's school yeah and there are little or little (mm) younger daughter she is .. she was big she was bigger than her old sister .. 
1: okay so did you find any differences between (erm) the Australian family and Japanese family 
2: (mm) .. yeah ..I didn't find anything but I found their foods (mm) in Japan we rice we eat rice and mostly we eat fishes but in Australia they eat meats and er: at on the first day at the host family we went to  McDonald's 
1:  (uhu) 
2: yeah that's was our dinner (uhu) I was surprised at the dinner 
1: why 
2: (mm) . McDonald's . with dinner . I think McDonald is snack for us  yeah yeah (uhu) 
1:  (erm) maybe eh: have you ever been to any other country 
2: yeah I went to America and (eh) Malaysia 
1:  (eh) could you tell me about your trip to  America 
2:  yeah  yeah of cause I went to Boston erm?Boston is different from Australia the town is very old but Australia is  new 
1:  (mhm) 
2: and (erm) Boston (erm) when I was in Boston I didn't like Boston . because Boston . my image of Boston is dark and cold but after I coming back Japan . Boston is very beautiful coun town city yeah 
1: what makes you so . what make you think so 
2: (erm) (eh) I often read trip guide . of America and (eh) in that book there are some Boston's picture . when I saw that picture I: I . I . (mm) I remember Boston's town and  (erm) 
1:  yeah 
2: Boston is . I I have been I have never been to Europe but I think Boston is very (erm) very alike like to European  country yeah 
1:  (mm) I see and how was Malaysia 
2: (erm) (eh) Malaysia was very exciting I was in Pennan Island in Pennan . (eh) Pennan is next to Malaysian  (mm) Malay Malaysian Malaysia (mm) in Pennan . oh yeah there are .. some citizens in Pennan when Indian and: Malaysian and some (eh) Chinese . yeah so it was melting pot (erm) like a melting pot but Pennan has very beautiful seas natures yeah also the: cost is very cheap so I can eat steak . at one . about one thousand yen at very expensive restaurant 
1: (uhu) .. (mm) how was the weather there 
2: (erm) it's humid not humid but hot and we have ever everyday we had (erm) rainy on the in the evening 
1: how about in the afternoon I mean in the morning and in the afternoon 
2: oh yeah (erm) not so cool warm it's warm yeah and in the noon it's so hot so I can swim in the  sea (erm) and I can  sun-burn yeah 
1:  (mhm)  (mhm) okay do you have any places to visit soon 
2: (erm) yeah on December I will go to Los Angels and Las Vegas 
1: that's great 
2: yeah  
1: er: how do you think of her 
2: I think she is so: she is (mm) . she is I think she is ... she is (erm) I don't know the words she is (erm) I think she she is . (erm)  she is . a model she she . doesn't like  poor painting 
1: yeah I see and: how do you think of this painter 
2: (erm) I think he is good at painting yes number two's  picture is good  I think 
1:  (mm)  (uhu) 
2: yeah .. yeah he is good at painting I think  yeah 
1:  (uhu) okay I see thank you very much 
2: thank you very much 

