<h nt"JP" nr"JP031">

<Part 1>

1: did you decide your topic 
2: yes 
1: which one are you going to talk about 
2: (er) I selected topic two 
1: okay . please go ahead 
2: okay (er) the country I was very impressed was Thailand 
1: (uhu) 
2: and I went . there (er) . last summer . and I visited countryside and I was very impressed by children 
1: (uhu) 
2: and (er) (mm) they looked . little poor for Japanese people but (erm) they didn't feel that they are poor and their . s smiles were (er) so bright .. and . (erm) so I recognized what the . poor mean . and what rich means 
1: (uhu) 
2: (mm) . and (er) and it was my first time to (er) visit country (er) countryside in Thailand and the they had no electric and they had no water and so of course . it was quite different from (er) Japan and the chi (eh) so surely (mm) children were quite different from (er) that of Japan so how to play was . different so in Thailand they were playing in the river . and they . they could be s satisfied with it (mm) so they had no (er) T V games 
1: (mm) 
2: (mm) so (erm) so I . I thought which . children .. were (erm) happy (mm) 
1: so could you tell me your definition of poor poorness and  richness 
2:  (er) (mm) .. (er) they can (er) they looked . poor for us for Japanese people and . <clears her throat> and Thailand (er) is said that . it is developing country (mm) but . I think its means discrimination little bit because they don't feel that they are poor . so (em) so my (er) viewpoint was changed and now my definition (er) of poor . is that (mm) it's as to mind (mm) so (eh) it is said that Japanese (er) children or rich but (mm) they don't know how to play . and they're only (er) playing in (eh) at home and the play games and very isolated . from others and they don't know how to (er) how to (mm) . how to communicate with others (mm) so it's I think it's connected to society so school is a small society I think . so if they can't . (mm) get along . together with others in the small society I think it's poor and .. (mm) it's dangerous . I think (mm) 
1: you also said that you (em) you wonder (em) which children are more ha happier right 
2: (mhm) 
1: what's your result 
2: (er) .. in Thailand (er) they can survive so . I think they are happier than Japanese children (mm) and (er) I felt that their smiles were different . from Japanese children's smiles I felt so and other Japanese visitors (er) thought so like me (mm)   
1:  how are their smiles different 
2: (er) how .. (mm) I felt that they were so honest and pure (mm) .. (mm) how different .. (mm) and they they really know how to be happy (mm) so (erm) to make friends or to help their parents or to see . (erm) to enjoy seeing nature around them (mm) they really know (mm) how to be happy (mm) 

<Part 2>


1: how how about Japanese children 
2: Japanese children (mm) .. (mm) they're I think they're luxury (mm) so they don't know how to find how to find (er) things that they wanna have and they . and even . they don't know . how (mm) they need . need (mm) .. (mm) so parents (mm) give them . too much (mm) I think so 
1: how do you think Japanese . children . can be happy 
2: (mm) can be happy . (erm) (er) I disagree with the existence of T V games . and now (er) . (mm) when when I watch T V commercials . there are so many commercials a as to T V games . and (er) .. and the companies are making a lot of kinds of T V games because they can earn so much money .. but I think it's not good for children because <foreign> mmto </foreign> they . will be isolated from others . and and parents also think that (erm) .. it's good for them because they can be satisfied with it and . and you know .. (mm) they and the parents . (mm) can be free . and leave them alone but . I think (er) we need (er) family relationships more .. so (mm) for example when I was a . child I . I played catch ball with my father or .. and my parents (er) took me to zoo or amusement park . in the holidays . (mhm) .. and (erm) so if we don't have cars . or some . we can do . anything . (mm) it's (mm) not only outside but also at home (mm) . anything okay I think ju just conversations (mm) or just . (er) making food or something 
1: so are you saying that . even within the Japanese society 
2: (mm) 
1: children in the olden times times were . happier . than children these days 
2: old days and these days (er) .. (er) yeah (eh) .. (mm) actually in a . a long time ago we had . a place we had places to play . but now we don't have . places and opportunity (er) now . (mm) land . are decreased .. so . (mm) probably we don't have . opportunity e expect just go to . (mm) .. karaoke or game center 
1: (uhu) 
2: so I think (em) . money is the big . problem and the big cause (mm) . and that's why a little problems have happen and . in . in a certain meaning it's a (mm) na natural thing (mhm) because for human we have (er) frustration you know e e e everyone wants to be rich (mm) 
1: so in the future if you have children of your own 
2: yes 
1: are you going to give some money to the children or how how are you going to deal with money 
2: (erm) . I don't give (er) much money to children . and now I have a part time job in <foreign> Juku </foreign> and I'm teaching . at . elementary school students and . some of them have . so much money and .. and they say okay I can . (mm) I can buy . (em) some chocolates for you to friends .. so it's a big problem I think and . (mm) her (er) grandparents grandparents give them (er) give her so much money and . yeah I I can really understand how they . how they . love her but  (mm) but they are making mistakes . and . if (er) when children?erm . bring money to school (mm) big problems will happen  
1: for example 
2: for example . (er) threaten . (mm) (er) give . give me money otherwise . I will . hit you or something (mm) and actually I heard the story like that (mm) 
1: okay thank you very much 
2: thank you very much 

