<h nt"JP" nr"JP016">



<Part 3>


1: okay and next activity is this <showing the second sheet to the interviewee> there are four pictures from one to four and please make up your own story about these four pictures 
2: own story .. (er) whole picture I mean not only one  like one two three four <sigh and cough> 
1:  yeah go ahead 
2: there are  there is one couple 
1: (uhu) 
2: the husband is painter and the wife is always doing model for him on one day he decided to paint her wife he is very good painter and then he did very very good job but his wife don't think it's good because too similar with his wife 
1: (uhu) 
2: she feel it's good paint but she doesn't feel good about her face or her style so she said to her husband do it again and then next time her husband paint a little bit different from her and then (mhm) .. she she likes this new one and she invite her friends and have a party and she just show them and how do .. (mhm) (mm) how was my husband's paint everybody feels it's not her but she just only feel good about this paint 
1: great okay how different is the picture from the lady 
2: (mhm) .. the first one is exactly the same like her and the second one is a little bit more beautiful than her so she feel good about everybody feel it's different 
1: okay and .. (eh) .. do you think this man is a good painter 
2: I think good painter he is a good painter 
1: (mhm) (mm) .. okay and (mhm) .. if you were the man what would you do would you change the picture 
2: (mhm) (mm) .. it depends on the purpose if I just wanna paint my  wife I mean my 
1:  (mhm) (mm) 
2: husband like this I don't change but if it's for my wife or my husband just because she wants to have this kind of picture I would change 
1: okay by the way are you good at painting 
2: no no .. (mhm) .. no  always my score when I was junior high or high school about paint or music I haven't any good ability of this 
1:  really okay you said you went to museum in New York  City and so you 
2:  yeah   yes 
1: like to see the arts in the  museum 
2:  yes I love to see the paintings or .. (mhm) something very famous paintings or very famous things like  I don't know how to say I love to see but I don't like to do by  myself 
1:  okay that's great thank you very much that's the end of our  conversation 
2:  okay thank you very much 
