<h nt"JP" nr"JP040">

<Part 1>


1: okay so which topic did you choose 
2: I choose topic two 
1: okay please talk ahead 
2: I went to Boston this year from spring to summer the experience is very good for me I can get ..mm good host family and conversation partner they are very good and they help me to improve my English (mhm) so and I contact with them now so . the letter or fax is very good also very good for me and  Boston is very beautiful place I like: the Newberry Street and: Boston Common . and I went to John Hancock center twice the place is very good I can see Boston's . (mm) Boston's many place I can see the . river . and MIT or many famous university I like the atmosphere and also the food is very delicious  I like clam chowder very much and the Boston Showa Boston's Jeff's clam chowder is very delicious  I like his handmade clam chowder . and he also made corn chowder it also very good and my . host family took us (mm) ocean twice and then we ate lobster . it also very delicious .. and (eh) .. I like movie American movie so I went to theater many times and the price is very cheap so I can get there very con  very comfortable in Japan we have to pay fifteen thousand yen (eh) one thousand and fift five hundred  yen but . Americans theater's fee is only five dollar and twenty-five cents so it's very surprised to me .. the most interesting movie is Tarzan I like it so the Boston is good memory for me so I want to core continue to practice English .. <foreign> etto </foreign> .. 

<Part 2>


1: I see okay could you tell me how your host family help you to improve your English 
2: they are interest very interested in Japanese culture and Japanese and also they . tried to teach us many things like American culture and English so . if we mistook some words or grammar they ..  they tried to correct our English and they also made us (erm) they tried to meet us many American family and they took us (eh) many American house so we can meet many American . family and children this is very good memory for me 
1: okay I see what do you think of American family 
2: (mm) they have mm: the children is more independent they my host brother is very independent from their parents so: he (eh) his name is Eric he tries he often helped her his mother and . he didn't .. interrupt her mother or father he did himself by . he did  he did by himself selves so and he is very I think he is very independent other children is also independent from their family (eh) their parents (erm) we had a: party and then their children didn't in interrupt their fam parents' conversation if the party tok take place in Japan the children maybe the children maybe interrupt (eh) their conversation so: I think they are very independent 
1: how was the American parents 
2: American parent is (eh) <in a surprising voice> my host family's parent is very severe for their children so if they did some bad thing (mm) the boy has a sister if they have quarrel the parents scold them and don't do that or something and the table manner I heard American people don't pay attention so erm:  table manner so much but they very (em) they (er) they pay attention to their table manner 
1: okay I see you talked about many places in Boston and (erm) please tell me more about John Hancock Tower 
2: (erm) John Hancock Tower has off some company's office and I went to the top of the John Hancock Center . so I pay  three dollar to go there and I can see the beautiful scene (erm) I can see the nature and the city's street and peo little  people 
1:  (uhu) so is it tall 
2: tall yes very mm: I heard the tower is tallest in Boston 
1: (uhu) 
2: John Hancock is the highest tower and the next is Prudential Center 
1: I see is there many tall towers tall buildings in Boston 
2: (mm) I don't think so but .. (erm) the memo memorial . Banker Hill Memorial is high but . now it is not so big 
1: (mm) do you have any other recommendation in Boston 
2: erm: I went to .. Freedom Trail . the Freedom Trail is . very hard to go: because we have to walk some people go to by train or: bus but (eh) I we went to there by ourself and Banker Hill is very high place we have to: . go about three hundreds stairs so it is very hard for my leg  but it is good t to know . American (eh) history the place is very famous for famous place like Boston Tea Party or Boston Common and City Hall: so it is good for me 
1: okay so: are you interested in American history 
2: erm: I learned it in: Boston we did took American Culture and we learned something about American culture and next week we went there so my memory is very  fresh so it is very  interesting 
1:  (mm)  okay I see and er: speaking of movies you told you liked  Ta Tarzan okay (er) . please tell me about Tarzan 
2:  Tarzan I like Disney movie (erm) so I went to . when I watched it I moved by the movie (mm) the baby . grew up by the Tarzan . so I heard  kinds of: thing some animal grew up human beings children so (erm) it's interesting and I: the last scene is very good so I recommend you to watch it in New Year's day I heard next year the movie showed so I recommend many people to watch it 
1: okay I see how about any other mo movie 
2: I watched: Pretty Bride 
1: (uhu) 
2: (erm) it is in Japan it's called Pretty Bride but in America it's a movie called Runaway Bride  so I sur I am surprised the name 
1: (uhu) 
2: I think the movie is interesting . but: I prefer to watch Pretty Woman  
1: (mm) tell me more: about the: Runaway  Bride is it a love  story 
2:  er:  love story but I can't understand not so much because the woman .. mm: runaway from the her ma marriage ceremony . three times 
1: (uhu) 
2: and: finally her I think Richard Gere and eh: Julia Roberts can do it but they didn't marriage first time first marriage ceremony they did twice . but the second ceremony is very good . I like .. (erm) the: ceremony on took place by only two people and church .. <foreign> Bokushi </foreign> and so: only three people ceremony but finally their friends . cerebrate them this is very (eh) good fine good ending 
