<h nt"JP" nr"JP012">

<Part 1>


1: hello 
2: hello 
1: my name is <full name> may I have your name please 
2: my name is <full name> 
1: <first name> 
2: yeah 
1: how are you today 
2: I'm fine thank you 
1: good 
2: yes 
1: thank you for coming 
2: yeah  
1: okay (erm) first would you please tell me about yourself a little bit 
2: (er) (mm) . I live in Chiba city and .. I .. I'm studying (em) .. English linguistics and Japanese teaching method my .. my dream is to be a Japanese teacher for foreigners and .. my hobby is listening to music and .. wa watching the movie and . especially I love reggae music and .. this last summer I went to Jamaica . to listen to music 
1:  
2:  yeah 
1: okay a ... you mentioned you living in Chiba 
2: yes 
1: do you live in with your family 
2: yeah 
1: could you tell me about your family 
2: <the sound of a chair> yes . my (mm) my father is .. a maybe fifty two or three years old and he he wri he's writing newspaper . and so . he he he knows many things I . I don't know and my mother . is a house wife ... they likes they likes . to drive .. on weekend  and my sister is twenty three years old and he .. he and sh she is a office worker but (mm) .. he will .. he sh she will quite hi her job next march and .. she want she she wants to go abroad . to study English 
1: I see good good and then ah . you mentioned that you're interested in reggae mu reggae music 
2: yes 
1: how did you get interested in reggae 
2: how 
1: (mm) what . why . (er) . when was the last time . you got interested in reggae 
2: yeah (er) when I was seventeen years old I listen to the those music for the first time and .. I don't know which kind of music they were but .. I was really interested in them so .. I I began to collect the CDs . and . I I I began to know about reggae music little by little 
1: (mm) I see . and then you went to Jamaica 
2:  yeah 
1:  over the summer 
2: yeah 
1: okay wh what was the most interesting experience for you during the trip 
2: yeah (mm) .. I I went to Jamaica to attend an an great festival .. in Jamaica . a great musician came to Jamaica and .. sung ..  so  (mm) . and .. the those show .. (mm) .. I I (eh) we went to those show for .. three three days and .. I I was very excited and .. what what I was impressed most is .. to see the big musician face by  face to face .. (mm) yeah 
1: I see .. okay good and then you said you wanted to teach Japanese 
2: yeah 
1: (er) why do you want to .. teach Japanese 
2: yeah . (mm) I .. maybe I have the reason I want I want to be Japanese teacher but I can't explain .. so (mm) .. because .. when when I stayed in Boston .. many many American taugh taught me many things .. but I couldn't I couldn't teach them any things so I want to teach something to them 

<Part 2>


1: I see okay great good thank you now I want to do two things with you  today okay the first is I would like to have a short conversation about one of 
2:  (uhu) 
1: these three  topics 
2:  (uhu) (mm)  <showing the first sheet to the interviewee> 
1: so please choose one and try to speak for three to five minutes of one of the topics 
2: (uhu) yes <thinking quietly for about 5 seconds> Topic Two 
1: (uhu) 
2: yeah answer yes (uhu) .. a country I've visited which has impressed me is New  York City when I was fifteen fifteen years old I went to New York (uhu) . 
1:  (uhu) 
2: with my family and it was first time I I I've been foreign country so .. and many .. it (uhu) I think I think many people many people say New York is like Tokyo I don't think so because (uhu) .. New York City was is crowded ?but Japanese people are different different from New Yorker so and I I  I think New Yorker American people wants want freedom so it it were it was most impressed me 
1: good okay (uhu) .. now which would you like which do you like better to live in Tokyo or to live in New York 
2: New York 
1: New York why is it 
2: (mhm) .. I Japanese people (uhu) .. Japanese people often tell about other people they are .. he is he is bad or good he is stupid he is crazy I think American people doesn't care about other people it was I think I think I like it 
