
<h nt"SP" nr"SP003">



<Part 3>


1: yeah . well let me just show you four pictures 
2: okay 
1: and ah . I just want you to . basically tell me what you see and make up a story out with it . shouldn't be interesting  
2: ... okay . so I have to describe every picture . or make a story or 
1: or you could make a story or describe the pictures as  as you see them or 
2:  okay 
1: whatever you wanna say 
2: okay . so .. okay we have (eh) . this is a girl . that goes to a painter because she wants a portrait to be made . and . so the painter is . just making his work . and makes . an image which is really . faithful to her image . but she is not happy with it when she sees it . and she thinks . that she is not beautiful enough or something like that . and so she tells off . the painter . so a few minutes later . he tries to really make another picture of her . and this time . he just makes a beautiful woman but she . he doesn't . really . portray what he's seeing . but he has to do it because she's her clien his client so . he has to do his work and he has to sell the picture . so he does something she gonna like . and finally she's really happy because she bought it and she even shows it . to her friends . one of her friends is even . showing her astonishment because she doesn't believe it is her 
1:  
2: . but anyway . she's happy with her portrait and . the painter has sold his work .. 
1: do you think he is a good painter 
2: no . not as a painter   
1:   do you think the painter did the right thing by drawing somebody else 
2: no . no . because he's not . portraying what he sees 
1: (mhm) (mhm) 
2: perha perhaps a painter has to . imagine things sometimes and not . faithful to the see to the mere object that he's seeing so . I don't know 
1:  
2: the result is happy . she's happy with her painting 
1: right .  . it's kind of funny how she doesn't like her own image 
2: yeah 
1: .. she has problems  . well is there anything you would like to add . how do you think the painter felt . here  when 
2:  frustrated . because he thought he has done a very good job 
1: (mhm) 
2: and so . he can't believe what she's telling him 
1: what is she what is she telling him 
2: she's telling him off because she's saying that . he had made . a very . awful picture of her and . he hasn't . known to portray her beauty 
1:  
2: or something like that . and so he can't believe it but . he has to resign and . just make another picture 
1: what are the main differences between picture two and picture three 
2: okay . (eh) in picture two she's really serious . (eh) she's not smiling at all . she has straight hair . very very long . which even makes her face . more serious than what she is 
1: (mhm) 
2: (eh) and the third picture . she's shown . be really lively like her eyes . are really nice and . she's . subtly s . smiling and . her hair is much nicer it's even a little bit curly 
1: (mhm) 
2: at the end of her hair and . I don't know she's much more feminine 
1:  
2: like it seems much more . as a photograph more than a picture 
1: (mhm) . (mhm) 
2: you mentioned the eyes 
1: yeah 
2: what's the main difference in the eyes between the real person on the painting 
1: okay the real person . her eyes are really closed .  and 
2:  (mhm) 
1: how do you call that do you know the name for people that have eyes like that 
2: no 
1: cross-sighted 
2: ah 
1:  
2: okay yeah 
1: . and in the painting 
2: .. I don't know I imagine a girl with very dark . eyes but very lightly like they're shining 
1: (mhm) (mhm) ... well . I think you've done a really good job 
2:  
1: and . I don't know is there anything else you would like to add 
2: (mm) .  where 
1:  it doesn't mean it has to be about the picture  
2: okay where are you from because I have a friend . (eh) my friend from the flat who's (eh) from Illinois 
1: (mhm) . I'm from New York city  from New York 
2:  okay 
1: yeah . what school does she go to 
2: (eh) . one second . she's . ah no she lives in Springfield Illinois .  but she's 
1:  okay 
2: (eh) in .. Ohio 
1: Ohio 
2: in a university but I can't remember 
1: it's probably Ohio university or something like that 
2: yeah 
1: I'm from New York and I attend Skidmore College 
2: (mm) 
1: that it's in <name of city> it's like an hour away from <name of city> . (em) . it's very different that what it is here 
2: yeah  
1: the school yes . extremely different . the professors are different the atmosphere is different I don't know everything is just . so I know when I go back home I'll feel the same what you're feeling now that you don't fit any more . because everything is like you've you're used to something different that . back home nothing has changed I think 
2: yeah 
1: I hope it hasn't 
2: no . I think it's very different . difficult  when you go 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  and when you come back 
1:  (mhm) (mhm) 
2: but it is much more what we think than what . it is in real 
1: yeah yeah . cause the onl the only thing that's changing or the only person that's changing is you 
2: yeah  and not the rest 
1:  like you've grown you've grown a lot . only it's I think I've grown a lot since the time I've been here . and when I go back it's . everything is just gonna be the things in there they haven't really been changing . and . my friends are gonna be the same . they only <indistinct voice> . I don't know they'll have the experience in  any more 
2: ah 
1: so it's gonna be different I think . but it should be exciting .  to see them again  
2:  yeah 
1: okay . let me close this 
2: okay 
