<h nt"SP" nr"SP028">

<Part 1>


1: your surname 
2: <family name> 
1: ca can you spell it 
2: a yeah <spells family name> 
1: and your first names 
2: <first name> 
1: (uhu) ver  how old are you 
2: (er) twenty I'm twenty years 
1: okay (em) what's your nationality 
2: Spa (em) I'm Spanish 
1: and: your place of residence where were you born 
2: Cartagena 
1: and what's your native language 
2: eh: Spanish 
1: and your parents 
2: Spanish 
1: Spanish ...do you speak Spanish at home 
2: yeah 
1: okay .. can you sign up please ... okay I want you to read the instructions 
2: (mhm) 
1: carefully and then pick a topic okay 
2: at d do I read it aloud 
1: no . read it in your mind 
2:  
1: okay 
2: okay 
1: which one would you like to talk about 
2: topic two 
1: topic two okay which country  have you been 
2:  Ireland 
1: Ireland 
2: yeah 
1: (mhm) what did you like about Ireland 
2: (er) . wow  everything  well except for the weather who was not very good when I was there 
1: (mhm) 
2: but people the country and even the food I liked a lot yeah 
1: how . did you go as a student  how did you got there 
2:  yeah yeah I was for (er) I went (er) in nineteen eighty eight (er) for a month in August to study one month of English there (erm) . and I was in at a in school in a little (er) village and well I I lived (er) with a native fam n native (er) family 
1: (mhm) 
2: so I (er) I I could have a: a lot of experience and: and know who is the style and the life and 
1: did your English really improve 
2: yeah I think yeah 
1: yeah 
2: yeah because . more or less they were saying . me all the time well you're getting better  or so  
1: (mhm) and you studied or so in another school 
2: sorry 
1: you studied in a school 
2: yeah yeah I studied in the morning (em) in a school and I have normally we had the afternoon free the afternoon 
1: (mhm) 
2: right to do (er) other (er) activities or going to other places 
1: (mhm) and what did you do in the afternoon 
2: (er) sometime we: we went to: to other village er: or we: we did another activities or sports in the afternoon 
1: (mhm) 
2: (mhm) 
1: and did you make friends English friends 
2: yeah but well but  particularly Spanish because I was with an Spanish group 
1:   Spanish of course (mhm) 
2: but well we er: the family I was with (er) had a: a boy who was (er) my my age more or less so I was a very good friend of him so I (er) I practised everyday yeah a lot 
1: (mhm) and what do you think of the: Irish accent 
2: it's very easy to understand I think 
1:  is it easy to understand 
2: yeah well at at least i in the the ci the the village I was (er) it it wasn't very difficult 
1: (mhm) 
2: and (er) well I I also visited (er) som some cities such as Dublin or Galway 
1: (mhm) 
2: and I understand I understood very (er) very well 
1: (mhm) 
2: in Dublin for example 
1: (mhm) wha what did you think of Dublin what did you think of it 
2: it's very very . be because I like Celtic world so is (er) marvellous a city very: is different to: to the other capital European capital I  think well 
1:  in in what way 
2: yeah well is is big but no so: .. I don't know the buildings are different for example not very tall 
1: (mhm) 
2: and (er) it has (er) a . river a river sorry 
1: (mhm) 
2: and the: the harbour everything is very beautiful and: and the: you know the (er) the style of the: the streets and people (er) playing the violin and very Celtic and 
1: (mhm) very Celtic 
2: yeah 
1: (mhm) and: wha what do you think about the food and the people  and  
2:  well the food 
1:  
2: I has a has I said before I I thought oh my God I'm going to: to but a I I get used to: to eating everything 
1: (mhm) 
2: more or less (er) 
1: (mhm) 
2: (er) the: the typical English breakfast som sometimes not everyday but overall at weekends we used to: to have (er) an English breakfast 
1: (mhm) 
2: and I liked and . but well the the timetable i is different too so the the first day when I had to: to di to have dinner at 
1: (mhm) 
2: half past five or six   my said my God  but I 
1:    you got used to it 
2: yeah ...  no problem 
1: (mhm) .  and what type of food did you have what type of food 
2: what type well vegeta vegetables er: (mm) well 
1: very different from Spain or: 
2: no well sometimes yeah for example baked beans and I discovered i I love it 
1:  yeah 
2: I discovered that it's very good for example but not . not very difficult no no sorry not very different no 
1: what about Sunday did you have Sunday dinner 
2: yeah  
1: coz in Spain you don't have that 
2: no . is is different (eh) Sunday is . you know (er) I remember that sometime we didn't have breakfast because we just eat (er) lunch and 
1: a big lunch 
2: yeah 

