<h nt"SP" nr"SP001">


<Part 2>



1: right .. well you can talk to me about anything it's pretty much . anything that you're on the say right now . doesn't have to be just about just the topic you selected so . I don't know what do enjoy doing  
2:  well . I like . I I enjoy doing many many things yes because . I'm . in a theatre company 
1: (mm) 
2: yes . and I have a . a rock and roll band also . and I like painting . 
1:  diverse 
2:  everything is very very creative 
1: right 
2: there's now we're we're preparing . a play called (eh) . <foreign> Los ochenta son nuestros </foreign>. which deals with the problem of . of youngsters and their problems with their parents . with drugs with . many many things this 
1: right 
2: and with my rock and roll band . I expect to  . to give a concert . for for . next month 
1: where 
2: where here here in Madrid . in a . in a in a pub called Castro Rock 
1: (mm) 
2: we make music . from the fifties and sixties .  versions of Elvis Presley 
1:  so . (mm) . that's my mother's favourite artist 
2: yes ah 
1: so . you would like to be . a teacher 
2: yes 
1: an actor 
2: (mhm) 
1: a singer 
2: yes 
1:  and artist  
2: yes an artist . a famous painter or .  something like that 
1: that's very diverse 
2: (mm) . well I like more drawing than paint  than painting 
1:  okay 
2: one . and I think that's almost all well . perhaps when you see me in . five or six years it's yeah . I met that boy .  
1:  
2: which is now famous . a rock and roll star 
1: Sergio I'll remember that  when you're famous 
2:  yes Sergio Sergio 
1: why don't you give me an autograph now  
2:  yes 
1: that's interesting 
2: (mhm) .. well (eh) . now . my situation is just I'm just expecting my . my final . marks . 
1: grades 
2: which have not (eh) appeared yet . but I think I had passed .  so 
1:  good . that's a good thing  
2:  yes I think so .. (mm) I don't know .. what more could I say help me  
1:  . well yeah we have a couple of minutes left . (em) .. what do you like best about Madrid  
2: about Madrid .. well some years ago I said (eh) . people places where you can go but now I hate all that . I  
1:  you do 
2:  what I like most is the part of the . of the north we can go to the mountains and relax 
1: nature 
2: yes and all this . all this . amount of of villages?. of medieval villages? . which are in the north . which very very few people know but . they're very beautiful . and it's down there 
1: a heritage treasure 
2: yes . 
1:  
2: yes yes . I usually go with with friends . in weekends 
1:  nice 
2:  there to . to <foreign> casa rurales </foreign> or . or to . to campsites and .. they're marvellous . in these days now in spring .. a great  breath . Spanish sun typical 
1:  (mm) 
2:  sun and good weather which 
1: nice . so you think you've matured 
2: yeah 
1: you used to like . being loud and now you like being quiet 
2: yes and I like being quiet yeah 
1: it's kind of difficult to understand when you're a rock artist  
2:  yes yes of course yeah . well but here at Madrid it's very the . life is very very . ver very fast 
1: right 
2: it follows a rhythm which is almost impossible to follow 
1: yeah 
2: and that's what I don't like . and  pressure 
1: that's good .. (em) describe a typical day for me . the typical day 
2: my typical day . Saturday 
1: describe it for me 
2: yeah  it's quite  
1:  what do you do in the typical day  
2: well in my in my typical day .  
1:  
2: I wake up .. at . ten o'clock . more or less 
1: not early 
2: yes (mm) . I go to give (eh) particular classes to a girl 
1: (mhm) 
2: a friend 
1: (mhm) 
2: later . I come back home and I usually have lunch with my family which is the the only two days are Saturdays and Sundays which . we have lunch together 
1: at least you have some days  
2:  well and later . I go I go to to play and to . make my rehearsals with my rock and roll band . and by . eleven . we go out to pubs and . dance and <indistinct voice> 
1: until seven in the morning . or ten in the morning   
2:  no  no until until I don't know . five . in the morning more or less 
1: good then and then you take the ball back .   
2:  yes  
