<h nt"SP" nr"SP004">


<Part 1>



1: okay talk to me have you ah . read over the topics yet 
2: yes yes . I have choose . I've chosen the . topic one 
1: number one 
2: yes 
1: okay  so . talk to me 
2:  so well . (eh) it has been about a experience that it happens to me this morning 
1: this morning 
2: yes 
1: well 
2: in the in the subway 
1: (mhm) 
2: ah I usually takes the the train 
1: (mhm) 
2: the <foreign> La Renfe </foreign> 
1: (mhm) 
2: to come to the university but they are on strike so . I've chosen the . the subway to come to university . and it has been a . (eh) well it's been a seventy seven old woman . very old woman . (em) he was sitting on a . well on the places that there're on the train 
1: (mhm) 
2: and . (eh) I don't know why . well I have sit by herself . by her . well by her side I don't know  . and I have sit . (eh) by beside her and . I don't know why one of of . another woman who was sitting . in the other side (eh) has starting to talk (eh) with her to te to her about (em) . I don't know I don't know exactly . but I have sitting in the other side so she was in the middle . the old woman 
1: (mhm) 
2: and . the old wo the old woman has said there's a . another old woman (em) . stand . (eh) and <foreign> dice </foreign> do you mind to to if (eh) she sit down and I've said yes of course I don't mind and . that's was the thing . but then when the the old woman . I don't know if I'm if you're following me 
1: yeah  
2: more or less 
1: more or less yeah .   go on 
2:  well . when this the second old woman has (eh) left . and I have sit again in the other . in the same place 
1: (mhm) 
2: and the old woman has started to talk about (eh) his life . well her life 
1: (mhm) 
2: and she has said that he he's (eh) she's seventy seven years old . she's working . she has no so daughters sons she's not married . and she has to work . because she has to pay (eh) . his flat or her flat or whatever . and he cannot stop working because he need that money . and . it has been very impress for me because (eh) . it was she was a very very old woman I mean yes the old woman that we we s see here in Spain with a little . I don't know how to call it . <foreign> moño </foreign> in . and all with (eh) . in black . and . very old woman . I don't know how to explain it . very very old and awkward . and she seems like for a . I think she has said she she comes from Toledo something like that . so she's not from the capital . she's not a . an urban person 
1: rural 
2: yes . and . the ha she has impressed me . very much . I don't know why because she has said a lot of problems that she had had . in all her life and . and she's still working so . I don't know but it has impressed me very much . what she's still working with seventy seven 
1: right 
2: years and . she's doing a great effort . and she's working and doing everything better than . than you and me .that we are . just . young (eh) youngsters 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  than than her . and it has . well . it has teach me something . I don't know her . her strongness . and her .. it's a bit very  
1: did she tell you . she was talking to you telling you about her life 
2: yes yes 
1:  and you don't even know her 
2: no no . I've I I didn't know her 
1: wow 
2: yes . I have seen . I've seen a wom . m more times in the . in the subway 
1: (mhm) 
2: but . the same that you see a lot of people and you don't you don't talk with anybody 
1:  yes 
2:  cause you're always reading or something like that 
1: right 
2: you don't usually talk with the . with the subway . there's a lot of nuts . <begins laugh> and then <ends laugh> you prefer not to . 
1:  
2: not to establish any conversation . anyway 
1: well . that's sad 
2: yes . that was sad . I don't know how to say it but . (eh) she has make a . a life a: 
1: impression 
2: yes .. she was . she didn't have sons daughters . and she ha she has also said that . (em) it's possible that she didn't finish . (eh) to . to pay the: the flat that she is buying by now . so . I think she's working . but she didn't know well she doesn't know when (eh) . he can't (eh) left work or she can . be out of work . with seventy seven years . I think she has worked a lot .  you know all her life 
1:  it's really sad 
2: yes . it seems very sad . ah (eh) she has said also that . he didn't receive any payment or any salary from the government because she has . never . I don't know how to say <foreign> cotizar </foreign> . and so she doesn't have any . (eh) social secure or something like that . so she has to work to survive 
1: wow . that's bad 
2: yes . 

<Part 2>


1: I don't know what to say 
2:  
1: you impressed me .  . I'm speechless 
1: that's very sad . yeah I've seen (em) a lot of old . elders are thrown to streets begging for money you know asking for money .  and 
2:  here in Madrid 
1: yeah here in Madrid . and that's that really impresses me because . fro from the in the United States where I am from . they all get payments like social security SSI and all these different types  of 
2:  (mhm) 
1: payments  that actually 
2:  (mhm) 
1: keep them alive and . they also have nursing homes so they just can go and the government pay for them 
2: (mhm) 
1: you know . so I'm not used to seeing elders outside the streets begging for money like that . so that's one thing that really hurts  when I see them 
2:  yes . yes 
1: because it's like wow you know like . what can we do for these people 
2: (mhm) 
1: that's bad 
2: yes here in Spain . (em) it's not very common . I mean . it's common to see . old people on the street . but these people usually they are (mm) . they are nuts or they have a kind of psychological problems ah 
1: (mhm) 
2: they don't want to be on a . a kind . in a hospital or in a . something . in some place in which they can be . more secure and more comfortable and all that 
1: (mhm) 
2: but they don't want to be to stay there . and then you see that the other kind of people that . they want to stay working and . working and don't stop . I don't know 
1: (mm) 
2: here in Spain well there're a lot of poors . and . well . there's a lot of a kind of <foreign> mafia </foreign>. and also you can find different kinds of . cultural people . working groups 
1: (mhm) 
2: on the: traffic . (eh) the . traffic lights  and you know 
1:  right 
2: I I I'm sure you have  
1: (mhm) 
2: and . well . you you'd . I mean . you can give money . you can give the money . but . you are almost (eh) . sure that that money is gonna be bad wasted . so I prefer my well my my my case I prefer to spend my time it's the only thing that . by now I have money to to give them . but I prefer to use my time . and to know exactly exactly . (eh) where this money is going to to go . to to be needed . and all that 
1: well . (mm) . that's sad . well is there anything else you would like to talk about 
2: you mean . the other topics 
1: you can . anything at all .  
2: <begins laugh> I don't know <ends laugh> 
1: have you been away . from from Madrid 
2: (eh) 
1: to other places . maybe s speaking places 
2: yes . I've been in United States 
1: ah you have 
2:  yes 
1:  where 
2: in Wisconsin <name of place>   . and I was there . in the summer of ah ninety six . and also in summer of ninety seven I think <indistinct voice> and . it was very nice . well I was with a family and . they were very nice to me . and . I miss them a lot  . and I know I I don't know I don't have . sure anything but . I think that I will go to see them . (eh) . I don't know if this summer or . in September or in October . I don't know but I would like to go . and . I . I like . well I like better . United States than . the United Kingdom .  England . I've been also in England . and . I don't know I prefer people from the United States than from England .  they're more 
1:  why 
2: simple and more . normal . I mean .  they're normal 
1:   
2: in in the United King . Kingdom they're just . prepotent . and they treat you always . bad or more . or yes I think in most of the cases they treat you as if you were . lower or something like that . and . sometimes I feel bad 
1: of course 
2: yes 
1:  
2: and in United States I didn't feel that . that way . so . I prefer to go to the United States . in order to improve my English and all that . I I always thinking of going there . instead of the United Kingdom even thought I know I have to pay well . much more money for . (eh) flights . and . and well . and also the my stay has to be shorter . well longer in this case .  because you cannot pay 
1:  (mhm) 
2: more . in a regular flats you see your family in . in two weeks or something like that .  so you have to stay 
1:  (mhm) 
2: a longer period . so . it's worse in that aspect . but it's better in the other one . I feel . better . much better . in the United States 
1: so you just went to visit pretty much 
2: sorry 
1: you just went to visit pretty much right 
2: I .  I don't understand 
1:  you just went to visits . like ah . a vacation 
2: yes . yes 
1: okay . but it wasn't like to go to school or anything 
2: no . I don't know how . well I would like to work there 
1: to work there 
2: yes I would like to work there but . I know it's difficult 
1: (mhm) 
2: well I'm . I'm by now I'm doing a certain course of Spanish . for foreigners 
1: (mhm) 
2: and . you have to specialise in that . aspect Spanish for foreigners and . (eh) . I'm doing that courses so . I I'll see if . if I can get any job there with these courses and with my  and in order to improve my . my my English . and so I I will see  what I will do there 
1:   
2: is one of my . future expectations 
