<h nt"SP" nr"SP019">

<Part 1>


2:  
1: okay . hi my name is <first name of interviewer> . and what's your name 
2: my name is <first name of interviewee> 
1: <first name of interviewee>  okay 
2:  yes and this is my third year in . teacher training 
1: okay we'll talk about that in a minute . okay 
2: okay 
1: (em) . ah have you chosen the topic 
2: yes more or less 
1: okay we will just talk about it for about . three to . five minutes 
2: okay 
1: okay .  I hope it isn't 
2:  I choose about (eh) . a city which I have been 
1: ah 
2: these three months . because (eh) it (eh) was very nice for me because I I have been in Belfast in Ireland 
1: oh 
2: with a  Erasmus 
1:  beautiful 
2:  yes 
1:  I've never been there 
2: no 
1: no 
2: with a Erasmus grant .. Erasmus grant .  you know . yes 
1:  oh yeah okay okay yes 
2: and I have been for three months . and: it was very very good for me . yes because people in Ireland are very very friendly . well . at the beginning I was . very bad . because I was . (em) . only the one the: th just the: the Spanish girl . yes . so when I .. when I came in there . I was like . I'm alone here . all the people were . Belgian  
1:  
2: and they were talking all the time in Dutch . so it was horrible . for me . but . (mm) .. at  the third day 
1:  but you spoke in English right 
2: yes in English but they spoke . all the time in Dutch so it was very difficult for me to: . to k enter in the: conversation but . but in the third day I think (eh) three <foreign> sevillanas </foreign> came .  <begins laugh> yes . in Belfast <ends laugh> 
1:   
2: and . it was . very very nice 
1: okay 
2: yes . and the school the university . the college . was very very nice it was like a castle 
1: oh  beautiful 
2:  yes it's . like a film is 
1:  
2: and: we have about . ten lessons . during a week 
1: (mhm) 
2: but only we have . we had (eh) ten weeks .. because then we have to: to do the: the school experience in a school 
1: (eh) sorry . an 
2: we only had two: weeks . in the college 
1: ah okay 
2: yes . because then we have to do the: school experience 
1: oh d'you have some practice or  something 
2:  yes yes 
1: yeah and . what what did that practice consist of . what 
2: well (eh) . I were I was with children (eh) that:  they are five and six 
1:  oh 
2:  years old 
1:  that sounds nice 
2: yes . but it was very difficult for me because they are (eh) tha (em) don't have . teeth   
1:   
2: and in Belfast the accent is very difficult 
1:  yeah . Irish accent 
2:  and with this kind of children is worse   
1:   
2: because <repeats sounds as if pretending to speak an unknown language> 
1:  
2: I mean can you repeat please   
1:   so you couldn't understand what the children were saying 
2: yeah 


<Part 2>



1: did you have any (eh) funny experience there d'you . anything strange happened 
2: no . I my teacher was Laura (eh) Mrs Laura McAlister . and for me it 
1: ah like yourself 
2: yes 
1:  
2: but for me it's very difficult (eh) . because all the children have to: call you . Missis . and in Spain they call me Laura 
1: ah right  yeah it's an English custom 
2:  yes . and I have to say I I said to them I'm Laura and the teacher no no no . you are Mrs Penelas and me ah okay sorry  yes . no but the teacher was very: . very nice an . and she was very young as well so it's very . good  for me 
1:  yeah it's good 
2: and .. but . I I think that it's better to cheat . to teach there because they . they start their lessons at nine o'clock . and they finish at (eh) forty to two .. so . it's a  short time 
1:  oh just in the morning 
2: yes 
1: no not like here 
2: no like here for example I work in a school . as a monitor 
1: oh yeah 
2: yes . in Majadahonda .  do you know Majadahonda 
1:  oh that's nice . oh yeah I know a little bit  yes 
2:  yes and my school finishes at half past five 
1: oh .  that's late 
2:  it's very late 
1: yeah 
2: yes . so there is very . the morning . pass very very: quick 
1: yeah . like it 
2: and it's very good . they have a (mm) three breaks 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  and also they have brun (eh) lunch . in the school .. and they are very sweet .. and . the school the for example here . in my school the . the principal and the teachers . are very: .. serious 
1: ah 
2: are more serious I think but there 
1: yeah 
2: the principal and the teachers ah you're Laura . okay  do you want to: have a: . a beer with us . okay come on 
1:    yes just like somebody else just like 
2:  yeah . yes 
1: just a  friend more 
2:  you are yo yes you are great you are . very nice . okay don't worry . they are very very sweet . and the .  yes 
1:  oh that's nice so .  it's good experience then 
2:  yes . yes because I I went to England as well 
1: oh yeah 
2:   
1:  you've been to more places than I have   
2:   but I think that in England they are more .. more . how do you say for example . they have more distance . between you and . them 
1: they've told me Irish people  ah 
2:  yes 
1: are warmer . they're nice . people  because 
2:  yes because in Ireland . when went in a pub . or something . <rises pitch> are you Spanish . oh okay <ends rise in pitch>  which part of Spain are you from now 
1:   
2: and England . (eh) nobody goes to you to say anything . if you are  not English so 
1:  no 
2: I prefer  Irish 
1:  maybe it's a cold relation right  it's a bit ah 
2:  yes I prefer Irish . and I .. I lived in a: .. in a . how do you say . in Spain it's a . how do you say . in a: residence . with a lot of people . in a flat . that we live a lot of people 
1: any boarding . or something like that 
2: yes we we live all together the Belgian . the: Denmark people . the German  people the Spanish 
1:  yeah . must be some type of . boarding some 
2:  yeah 
1:  house something like that . where you pay 
2: yes 
1:  I suppose 
2:  and we lived all together . so we have a lot of fun . in Ireland . because all day . we have breakfast with .. the German . (eh) with the Denmark people it was like 
1: multicultural right   
2:  <begins laugh> yes <ends laugh> but sometimes it was . it was a little bit . (eh) bad for me because I . I would like to to stay alone for a while and .. <pretends to knock at a door> Laura . are you here . and me . oh no please 
1:  oh well that's nice . I don't know how much we've been talking for . I don't know . I suppose . the time . is there  okay 
2:  ah . okay 
1: well . well you can then talk about your life I think 
2:  
1: you know so . what's your life in university like . here 
2: here 
1: what do you think about it . you're you're in . what grade are you in 
2: (eh) in the third year  this 
1:  ah okay 
2: this is my last year 
1:  
2: but I think that this university this college is very very good 
1:  oh yeah 
2:  because yes I have been in Complutense 
1: (uhu) 
2: as well yes because I have studied three years of philology .. yes before 
1: English philology  or 
2:  yes 
1: ah okay 
 2: but I didn't like it . no . because we have a lot of subjects . and: . the subjects I don't . the I don't like them very much no . and I prefer to teach children than to teach . (eh) teenagers 
1: old kids yeah 
2: yes . so for this reason I chose . teacher training . my mother said to me . are you'll crazy 
1:  
2: after three (eh) (eh) years . but I think this wa it was a  very good choose 
1:  oh I mean you must do what you like .  you know 
2:  yes . and I'm very very 
1: so you're happy 
2: yes 
1: okay 
2: I'm very happy here because . we are only . fourteen . people in th in my classroom 
1: ah fourteen .  that's good 
2:  yes but some subjects (eh) I: .. we (eh) we are with the . (eh) music (eh) classroom .. as well . because we are very few 
1: (uhu) 
2: and .. and the relation with the teacher is very very good  because 
1:  you're doing the speciality of English right 
2: yes 
1: okay 
2: yes 
1: yeah I know a little bit  
2: yes but for example we have sociology and other subjects . and in this subjects we are with the other . (em) .. with the oye the oye (eh) the other for exampl for example primary or . cause we are we are only fourteen 
1: oh okay 
2: so we are together 
1: so it's like all . it's all like in a family you know   
2:  yes . and the result the: teachers are very very nice . for example do you know Susana 
1: no  I don't I only know María 
2:  no .. Susana María . all the teachers  are very very . good 
1:  yeah 
2: they also give (em) . her . telephone numbers . so . it's . very  close the relations 
1:  yeah 
2:  so it's very good 
1:  yeah that's good and . what's life like you know at university . is there parties going on 
2: here 
1: yes quite that d'you . what d'you do . after . or .  well you work right . you work 
2:  for example during the weekend . yes I work so for this reason I have to . hurry up . every day . because I have to: work half past twelve . in the morning . so I only have to: can stay here until twelve o'clock . so . in the first year it was very good because we have we can . we could . (em) . eat together as something as to go to Madrid to go shopping . but this year .. I  can't do it 
1:  tough right tough  
2: yes . but during the weekend . I: we usually . for example with Bea another girl . we meet together we go shopping together and . we stay together in Belfast as well 
1:  yeah 
2:  so we are a good friends .  now 
1:  yeah and how you go about studying and all that . studying you know 
2: ah study yes 
1: ah 
2: I al I always study here in the library with Bea 
1: (mhm) 
2: because we prefer studying together .. it's good . because I . come on . you're you're going to study this page . and me this page . and now you have to tell me . okay yes . we all . we always do this 
1: and what hobbies d'you have . you know d'you 
2: going to the cinema 
1: you like  that 
2:  I love . going to the cinema . this Thursday I'm going to the .. to see the Ali . Ali film 
1:  I don't remember 
2:  because . yes I ha I got tickets . to go to the <foreign> preestreno </foreign> I don't know .. the day before . you can see it 
1: oh . when you s . oh . yeah  I know yeah 
2:  yes yes I can . we are going to to go this Thursday to see Ali . and: last week I saw .. Blade two 
1: oh  yeah . nice d'you recommend it  
2:  yeah . yeah . it's a little bit . violent 
1: oh 
2: yes . but it's good because the special effects . are very very good 
1: oh that's great I like that okay 
2: yes 
