<h nt"SP" nr"SP017">


<Part 3>



1: well . we have a couple of extra minutes . I'm gonna show you four pictures . and you got to be creative and tell me what you see 
2: okay 
1: and if you wanna create a story you could do that too ...  
2: well this is a story of a .. a quite ugly woman that (eh) is being painted by . a famous . a famous painter .. and when she sees . you know he's a very very good one . and he just paints what he sees 
1: (mhm) 
2: but she wanted to to . to be . a bit beautiful in the . in the painting so . she started quarrelling and saying no you have to change this because I'm not like this because I wanted to be you know . so (eh) he started painting again .. and then she could boast .. you know with her with her friends to say oh look how beautiful am I but . they are looking and they don't they are saying oh oh you are not so beautiful so 
1:  
2: you are a liar . that's it 
1: and what we have a lot more minutes 
2: a lot more minutes 
1: let let's let's explain here  . let's see ah ... what do you think are the exact words she is using . on . picture number two ...   
2:   well 
1: well what do you think .. she could be saying here 
2: do you think I am . so: ugly (eh) you haven't see haven't seen me . properly you have to change this because I'm not like this . (eh) . I see me . I always see me in the mirror and I . I don't feel like this so . please please change this . or I won't pay you . so 
1: okay 
2: you have to . do it 
1: and what do you think he's gonna be doing with that portrait of her . if she doesn't want it 
2: I think she will burn it 
1: she will burn it or he'll burn it . cause she doesn't want it  
2: yeah but . you know 
1: as long as it gets burned it's fine   
2:  yeah . that's it 
1: and let's see . on painting number three . what do you think the painter is thinking while he's drawing the new image of her  
2: it is okay . let's think about my girlfriend   
1:   
2: she's really beautiful so . let's see how she is and . I'll paint her 
1:  
2: just in order to . to make her .. well not happy but  
1: yeah 
2: to make her stop . telling stupid things 
1:  . and in the last picture what do you think she's telling her friends now 
2: oh look how beautiful am I .. you know (eh) . you have to . to go to this painter . because he's really really good . you know I'm very . very good on this 
1:   
2:  this picture . so 
1: and do you think the friends are agreeing with her 
2: no 
1:  
2: no 
1: do you think that they think that he's a good painter 
2: well .. they might think that he's a good painter because you know the girl in the picture is beautiful but . it's obvious that they won't think that he has thought . of her .. as a model 
1: (mhm) .. (mhm) 
2: so 
1: and do you think her friends will actually go to this painter to get the portrait done 
2: sorry 
1: do you think that her friends will go to the to the painter to get the portrait done by him 
2: well 
1:   
2:   I think this one   
1:   
2: this one she she will go   
1:   .. that's sad . well .. we're almost done . one more minute if you want 
2: okay 
1: anything else that you might wanna add .. let's see do you think that she's going to give him a tip here 
2: sorry 
1: do you think that she's gonna give him a tip ... ah . an extra bonus 
2: ah 
1: for painting that portrait of her  
2: no 
1: no  
2: no .  not at all 
1:  she's stingy she's stingy  all right . that's really good 
