<h nt"SP" nr"SP008">


<Part 1>


1: I'm <first name of interviewer> what's your name 
2: <first name of interviewee> 
1: <first name of interviewee> 
2: (uhu) 
1: ah have you read the topics 
2: yeah I have 
1: have you chosen one 
2: I think topic two 
1: okay 
2: about my country I visited 
1: okay 
2: and I I've visited not many countries . and but the most . the one I like the most was Ireland . I went two years ago in summer for a month . and I liked it very much . very green . very rainy ah 
1: rainy  do you like that 
2: yeah . but the people were so nice so polite and . I think that's what I like the most . the people 
1: that's the culture there 
2: it was I was with a family with (eh) . two . two . three kids . and a girl of my age who came to my house the next month . and . it was wonderful . cause I stayed with their all the time and watch TV . and . went for . walks and . anything 
1: how long were you there for 
2: a month 
1: (mhm) . and to do what just to visit or 
2: what . excuse me 
1: to do what just to visit or you actually went to take classes 
2: no no no just to visit 
1: okay 
2: (eh) I met this girl well I didn't meet her it was my penfriend 
1: (mhm) 
2: and at high school I was given her address . and then (eh) she was studying Spanish . and we said okay why can't you come here to study to learn some English and then I go there to learn Spanish . to speak Spanish . and I said okay . and then I went to her house and she came to mine . and I think we both learnt quite a lot . specially fluency and many expressions and .. lots of things that maybe you cannot learn here because of the type of classes and everything 
1: right right you don't get the expressions through books 
2: no no . with the  but then you forget about them . you come here then you don't know to to know and listen to them to people saying them so . you forget 
1: yeah 
2: but at least you have something more 
1: what are some of the expressions you learnt 
2: oh I can't remember but 
1:  
2: I don't know because  I forgot them 
1:  
2: but . I don't know . some vocabulary and very specif specific things but . northern Irish people said . like for instance they most of them did not say yes they said ai . or I don't know that's one of the things I can remember but . many more things . and what I liked .. the least was the food 
1: oh yeah 
2: yeah . because I: usually have lunch at two let's say and there . I used to have . something like lunch at twelve maybe and then at four I had tea and scones . and then at . seven or six or eight depends on the day . I had a supper . or something . and then at twelve something else to  so . it was a very different thing . like a mess 
1: so they eat a lot is that what you're saying  
2: it's not that they eat a lot . but they eat many many times . but few things 
1: (mhm) 
2: and . I used to eat as much as possible because I didn't know when 
1:   
2:  was going to get . some more food . but no it's okay 
1: did you gain weight 
2: did I 
1: gain weight 
2: I think so 
1:   
2:  because most of the things I ate it was . chips and . chicken and pizza . not very healthy . I was just wishing to come back to eat some food and vegetables and . because I think . it must be because fruit is very expensive there because of the weather 
1: yeah 
2: that the family did not have many fruit .. but . I don't know 
1: would you like any any particular dish in particular 
2: (eh) on Sundays we had something called screw . or screw . or something like that . I can't remember . and it was with cauliflower and chicken and ham and peas and . anything s it was it was at least better than pizza chicken and cheese  and 
1:   it was this just a Sunday dish 
2: yeah 
 1: oh yeah .. wow 
2: for four Sundays . cause it was a month . I had the same . but I didn't mind because it was very nice 
1: but that's weird it's like a religious day or is it just 
2: I don't think it was religious but just because the whole family talked together . and sitting on the same table 
1: (mhm) 
