<h nt"SP" nr"SP010">


<Part 1>


1: my name is <first name of interviewer> what's your name 
2: Joe . Jose 
1: Joe . ah have you read through the topics 
2: yeah 
1: yeah 
2: just a quick look 
1: okay which one will you: 
2: I'm not very sure . I don't know if . I'd like to speak about number three . I I think it's number three 
1:  okay what was the . what what is it about 
2: if I've ever been to an English speaking country or something like that 
1: okay . so go ahead talk 
2: whatever I want to talk 
1: whatever you want  
2: oh that's ah . I've been to London . for two years .. and here we say  the BUP . and I was studying that there .. and . well it was a funny experience because I . I spent . about . three or four summers in London and I really liked it 
1: (mhm) 
2: and then one of the last summers when I finish school .. I was with my family there and then well . I was supposed to come here again to start high school but I didn't want to come because I . I meet some friends there and I . felt comfortable . with everybody . so I decided to study there and at the end I spent two years studying . and then I didn't want to continue being there I missed my friends and my my family my Spanish family so I came here 
1: (mhm) 
2: and well . the experience was . quite good 
1: (mhm) 
2: and I met many . interesting people because the college was not an English college it was a special college for . foreign students 
1: (mhm) 
2: like it was something like that . was the name .. and . well . there were Japanese people Spanish people well many people . the classes were in English we were studying . we studied sorry . the same things . as . English people but . with special . teachers and so on 
1: (mhm) 
2: so . we . we met not only English people 
1: (mhm) 
2: but people from all around the world . and I think that this school was quite good 
1: (mhm) 
2: and the methodology was different from the Spanish methodology and well . ways of teaching . and ... is not the same .. (eh) to be a student here and to be a student there the role of students is quite different .  also 
1:  (mhm) 
2: well . there are some differences according to what I noticed . between being a student here and being a student there . there you are more . you participate more .  in the classes 
1:  (mhm) 
2: here is like . the teacher comes . you listen to him or to her you take notes and nothing . only . you speak . if the teacher ask you 
1: (mhm) 
2: to say something . there is ... is completely different . the teacher speaks of course . but the class is more . active . you you speak . you say what you think . or sometimes the teacher didn't explain anything . it was you who had to prepare the class and to explain it to the rest of the class and they'd correct it . well this kind of things but . I I think it was fun ... and well . food and all this kind of thing that are very typical and everybody who's been abroad then speak about food . and about people a:nd nightlife and all this kind of things but I suppose that everybody is bored . probably to listen to these things 
1: it's  okay 
2:   
1: you could talk you could talk about it  .. did you like anything in particular 
2: everything 
1: everything in particular   
2:  so I cannot tell you I really liked this or that thing cause I liked everything 
1: how long where you there for 
2: two years 
1: two years . wow were you staying with a family or the dorms or 
2: no the the thing is that . <he clears his throat> I have a cousin 
1: (mhm) 
2: who studied English philology . so I went there to live 
1: okay 
2: and then she invited me to go every summer .. and one of the summers . I was with her . and then she told me why don't you stay and you spend here . a couple of years or one year you study here and I say look . I don't know . but at the end I accepted and I were with her . and studied there so it was funny . and well . nightlife is quite different . well . it was complicated because for example if I . (eh) if I went now .. it would be different . because now I know nightlife in Spain 
1: (mhm) 
2: but I started to: know something about nightlife when I was there I was about fourteen or fifteen 
1: (mhm) 
2: so I had not come .. (eh) out very much when I was in . in Spain so . my first experience was there . and it was . it's quite different 
1: how different 
2: you don't for example . you: you are in the street for . five o'clock in the morning you're alone . nobody is with you 
1: oh yeah 
