<h nt"SP" nr"SP005">



<Part 2>


1: yeah that's the usual  that they take . when they can't express their own feelings 
2: (mhm) . so they hate other people 
1: that actually do express the feelings  . so . what else . who did you go . to see the movie with 
2: with Mónica .  (eh) . yeah she's been there . yes okay 
1:  oh Mónica . the girl . you see her .  . okay 
2: and ah well she's liked it but . maybe she didn't . same as you she didn't quite like the .  the ending 
1:  the ending (mm) 
2: it's not that it's just sad it's (erm) . you see I don't know . uneasiness . a feeling I don't know . quite . uncomfortable 
1: (mhm) 
2: it's not nothing like . okay I've seen I don't know 
1: (mhm) 
2: The wizard of Oz or something like that and 
1: right 
2: get out of the: screen  and say oh good 
1:  right 
2: life is great . and again it's not about I think only the American society . most of the things that are . (eh) described in on the screen can apply . for . I don't know .  Spanish 
1:  what do you think about the title of the movie American Beauty 
2: (mhm) . well the thing is that I read something because the: I don't know . did you go to watch it in the Alphaville . cinemas 
1: I saw a   I didn't like it like <indistinct voice> 
2:  ah okay 
1: so 
2: well th the those cinemas in the: in the Princesa area . Plaza de España  area 
1:  yeah . (mhm) 
2: they usually give you a: it's not a leaflet .  it's just a piece of paper 
1:  right . yeah 
2: with loads of information .  technical and all that 
1:  yeah 
2: and there was an . an extract from an interview 
1: (mhm) 
2: with I don't know if it was the scriptwriter or the director or both 
1: (mhm) 
2: and . one of them explained that American Beauty was ah was the name of an American . grown rose . 
1: okay 
2: you know with genetic . (mhm) changes or whatever 
1: (mhm) 
2: which in fact has no . horns . in Spanish I don't know how to call it . neither . I I think it doesn't smell either . so it's a very . tasteless rose . that's one of the meanings that's . an American Beauty 
1: (mm) 
2: and also did they well like the reflection of . beauty for example that image of the . plastic bag . 
1: (mhm) 
2: flying all .
1: yeah 
2: like dancing with the camera 
1:  with the wind yeah 
2:  which I think it was 
1: that's really cool 
2: yeah pretty cool as well 
1: that guy was kind of freaky though 
2: (mm) yeah  actually 
1:  because specially that at the end the way that he stood staring  at the dead guy 
2:  yeah 
1: and I was seeing it  and I was like oh my god stop 
2:  enjoying it 
1: <begins laugh> scared me <ends laugh> 
2: and the the daughter didn't say anything 
1: yeah 
2: and she didn't cry  or 
1:  yeah . she wasn't shocked I think yeah . yeah that was kind of 
2: and they were going to flee . th you know the tiny little you know the movie is really good at the end all those . you know the way the action is is is depicted with 
1: (mhm) 
2: all . everything converging and the neighbour the marine with . shooting 
1: why do you think the the neighbour shot him 
2: because of the . he uncovered himself 
1:  right . he was the only one that knew 
2:  but he seem Kevin Spacey's character yeah 
1:  
2: he said he cannot . you know live on 
1: evidence 
2: with that you know . on top of him 
1: yeah 
2: it's not because of . him thinking that . he was . you know prostituting . doing it with . his son . but I think it's because . he he left himself go and . 
1: (mhm) 
2: you cannot take that . so he says all right . this is the end for you . although I thought . I wasn't quite sure that maybe ah (em) Spacey's character's wife . I don't know the actress is . 
1: you don't know the name 
2: (mm) . ah anyway . that she might . should think . when she was in the the car . crazy . I'm not a victim . I'm not a victim 
1: at first you thought it was him . it was her 
2: not not that . that she might be able to do it . not that she .  it was her 
1:  (mhm) . (mhm) 
2: who actually shot him . I was kind of shocked by the . by the movie yes that's why I liked it . that's one of those things I like . last time I saw a Hollywood . can I say crap . yeah 
1:  
2: it was the . what was that .. I know the title in . in Spain . it's pretty annoying they change . they don't even translate titles . but they change them . so when you're looking for a: movie . in the original version . you never . find it . because you need to talk with people and say that actor and another actor yeah that . what .  and you say 
1:   
2: probably changed the title in Spanish . have nothing to do with the . 
1: yeah 
2: with the original one . anyway 
1: yeah 
2: it was in a movie with (eh) Denzel Washington . and lots of explosion and . very bad terrorists on the one side and very good (em) 
1: (mm) 
2: Americans with nice feeling . well Americans or whoever 
1: (mm) 
2: and this kind of movie . I don't know . I don't I usually don't see the point of . watching . watching them 
1: (mhm) (mhm) 
2: it's just like . you spend two hours in front of the screen yeah and .  saw what 
1:   . right .. so your favourite sort of movies are drama movies and that sort of thing 
2: no sometimes . I mean it's not . that they're not there can be an explosion and action in the movie . if they are good 
1: right 
2: ah there was a movie I watched the . I think it was in the UK when I watched it . and I never figured myself watching going to see . (eh) Face off 
1: Face off 
2: which is (eh) . starring John Travolta  and 
1:  yeah yeah 
2: Nicolas Cage 
1: yeah 
2: that's it . (eh) okay fairly enough I mean 
1:  
2: the movie it's not . I don't know the the .. piece of art . of course 
1: (mhm) 
2: but in . it's . call it general or something like that . it's pretty cool 
1: yeah 
2: you know the explosion . the action and the shootings . are okay . some funny things . some very bad scenes as well 
1:   
2:  but that's that's . what these ah movies are made 
1: that movie was nice I think . I don't know . it may be because I'm bi biased and I like  <indistinct voice> 
2:  (uhu) 
1: yes . so . I don't know I think it was kind of gore though when the actors took the  face off and 
2:  yeah I mean the the idea 
1: replaced the face . I was like (mm) 
2: if somebody told that told you told that plot . you'd say  okay it must be 
1: yeah 
2: very 
1:   
2: the budget helped as well 
1: (mhm) 
2: because it wasn't a . a low budget 
1: definitely . definitely that . that was a . I don't know that was I think a really good movie  
2: although I prefer for example Nicolas Cage in Leaving . Las Vegas .  have you seen that 
1:  I haven't seen that one 
2: <name of person> is the . director 
1: I haven't seen it 
2: that's a very good movie 
1: (mhm) 
2: that's very sad movie . again 
1: what was the name of it 
2: (eh) Leaving Las Vegas 
1: okay 
2: (eh) Nicolas Cage . he won the the Oscar 
1: (mm) 
2: by . because of playing that that character 
1: (mhm) 
2: he is an alcoholic he was (eh) . kind of . end his his .  life in Las Vegas 
1:  oh . I heard that that's the movie that 
2: he meets a prostitute and 
1: yeah that he . that he wants to die and he just goes . just to die 
2: that's it 
1: pretty much 
2: (mhm) 
1: well .  okay 
2:  well killed himself 
1: yeah .  by drinking 
2:  he's . yeah 
1:  ok 
2:  he's it's it's it's hard . it's not a a . a nice movie you want to: watch in the day like for example today you know  sunny and all that 
1:  right 
2: but it's . again it's interesting 
1: (mm) . what do you think it's the main difference between American movies and Spanish movies 
2: (eh) budget   
1:   yeah okay 
2: no .okay . (mm) in general terms I think they . happens everywhere . you can find very good . American movies 
1: (mhm) 
2: you just scratch a little bit 
1: there're really bad 
2: and . very bad . Spanish movies . because there are some . in general terms . I must say that I prefer .. it's not that I prefer . but I I usually find . movies I like more . in either English or . American . movies 
1: (mhm) 
2: (mm) although I think Spanish movies are . getting better 
1: yeah 
2: because I'm fifteen . years ago . I don't know we had to take a lot of . I wouldn't even think of going to the cinema to watch a: Spanish movie . cause all they were doing were . movies on the civil war which is . fair enough but okay . it's over come on . change the . the role 
1: right 
2: there are like one thousand . (eh) movies on the civil war . seriously in Spanish civil war 
1: okay   
2:  this is probably <foreign> La vaquilla </foreign> now you're interested in that part of our . history you know  
1: not really  
2: okay . there is a  of movies  for instance 
1:  okay 
2: in some other . with ah you know those ah feeling . in inverted commas .  for that 
1:  (mhm) 
2: (eh) movies . trying to go with the fact that they don't have enough budget maybe to do I don't know kind of . shooting 
1:   explosions 
2:  not everything doors . not even explosion but 
1: yeah 
2: but something a bit more attractive visually 
1: (mhm) 
2: . (eh) most of them fall into (eh) . I don't know .. bad category . anyway 
1: yeah . have you seen (em) The Sixth Sense 
2: sorry 
1: The Sixth Sense 
2: oh yeah 
1: did you  like that one 
2:  doubted but . yes 
1: yeah . let's not get into that though cause we don't have we're running out of time 
2: all right 
