<h nt"SP" nr"SP002">


<Part 3>


1: so that's the (em) . I have . I don't know if you've seen these pictures yet 
2: no 
1: there're four pictures here . and I wanna you look at them and . tell me a little story or what you can . get from these pictures 
2: (mhm) . well I guess that in picture number one . there's like a painter . and a . model yeah . and he's painting this woman . (em) she's sitting . on chair . and well I don't know this guy . has a beard . I don't know the word . beard 
1: beard 
2: beard . okay . and . what else . well I don't know . and in picture number two I don't think she she likes the the picture he's . he's painted . of her . so she's complaining about something like . she's probably saying that's not me . (eh) or something like that . and . well I don't know why because she looks very . similar . I mean th the picture looks very similar to the woman . and then . in the next one in the next picture 'eh' the . the painting or the w the woman painted is a way beautiful than . than the model so . I suppose she she will be happier and actually in the last one she's . she's happier with with the result with the last result . of the picture . and she's showing that to to her friends or to three women I don't know . if they're th her friends or not 
1: (mhm) 
2: and . I don't think they're very happy like they're . looking at the picture saying 'eh' that's not fair because you're not that beautiful .  or something like that maybe 
1:   
2: because I don't know the . the name of . of this . disease or whatever it is but this woman seems to have their her eyes . close together .  (eh) that 
1:  cross-sighted  
2: yeah . right . and in the . in the painting she's beautiful . she she even has better . better looking hair and . and stuff . I don't know .. what else 
1: what's another . what do you think she's telling him . besides that's not me . when she saw this picture . any any other comments that she probably made him 
2: probably about about her eyes   I don't know 
1:   
2: or 
1: just in general . the difference from this picture to this picture 
2: (mhm) . she's looks smaller . also . doesn't she . her 
1: (mm) 
2: in gener like her . her head and her .  her hair 
1:  ah yes 
2: is closer to to her face 
1: (mhm) 
2: I mean she doesn't have any volume . and here . it's perfect .  like 
1:  (mhm) 
2: as if she came from hairdresser's or . or something 
1:  
2: but her dress is is the same and I don't think she's . skinnier here is more or less the same . she doesn't have any problem with her weight I think   
1:   
2: so he doesn't have to . to paint her slimmer .  or something like that 
1:  right also the fixed expression . look at the fixed expression in the pictures 
2: yeah . she's probably too serious and . in in the first one . compared to the second one 
1: right 
2: and . but the the position is is the same . position is the name 
1: position yeah 
2: the position is the same one in both pictures 
1: (mhm) 
2: I believe .. I don't know  
1: and what do you think the painter is thinking in picture number two 
2: I probably . maybe he he thinks that that the picture is like . really (em) . it's a . a faithful representation of reality 
1:  
2: and then he says okay . if you want to look beautiful . I'll paint somebody else 
1:  
2: I don't know . it's probably something like that . or he he's probably thinking here . (eh) in which ways he he can improve the pictures as she's happy with it 
1: (mhm) (mhm) 
2: or . yeah . and . I don't know 
1: do you think he's a good painter 
2: yeah . very good because . here in the previous one . (eh) I think it's very . very close to reality . where whereas in the second one . I don't know if it's the same person or not 
1: right 
2: they can probably be sisters or . I don't know 
1: do you think that these girls would actually go to this . to this painter 
2: yeah I think so I I would .  if I were . if I were them 
1:   even if the picture doesn't look anything like her 
2: well you know a little bit . she's dark haired and in the picture she's also dark haired and . she's white and she's white what else . probably she has the same colour (mm) . for eyes . yeah I would 
1:  
2: because I was . because when you get older 
1: (mhm) 
2: you can always tell your your grand grandsons n . your granddaughters that that was me when I was young 
1:   
2:  making believe you you know 
1: things that don't that don't change 
2: I know   
1:    okay 
2:   
1: well done 
2: okay 
1: thank you very much  let me <indistinct voice> 
2:  you're welcome 
