<h nt"SP" nr"SP008">


<Part 1>


1: I'm <first name of interviewer> what's your name 
2: <first name of interviewee> 
1: <first name of interviewee> 
2: (uhu) 
1: ah have you read the topics 
2: yeah I have 
1: have you chosen one 
2: I think topic two 
1: okay 
2: about my country I visited 
1: okay 
2: and I I've visited not many countries . and but the most . the one I like the most was Ireland . I went two years ago in summer for a month . and I liked it very much . very green . very rainy ah 
1: rainy  do you like that 
2: yeah . but the people were so nice so polite and . I think that's what I like the most . the people 
1: that's the culture there 
2: it was I was with a family with (eh) . two . two . three kids . and a girl of my age who came to my house the next month . and . it was wonderful . cause I stayed with their all the time and watch TV . and . went for . walks and . anything 
1: how long were you there for 
2: a month 
1: (mhm) . and to do what just to visit or 
2: what . excuse me 
1: to do what just to visit or you actually went to take classes 
2: no no no just to visit 
1: okay 
2: (eh) I met this girl well I didn't meet her it was my penfriend 
1: (mhm) 
2: and at high school I was given her address . and then (eh) she was studying Spanish . and we said okay why can't you come here to study to learn some English and then I go there to learn Spanish . to speak Spanish . and I said okay . and then I went to her house and she came to mine . and I think we both learnt quite a lot . specially fluency and many expressions and .. lots of things that maybe you cannot learn here because of the type of classes and everything 
1: right right you don't get the expressions through books 
2: no no . with the  but then you forget about them . you come here then you don't know to to know and listen to them to people saying them so . you forget 
1: yeah 
2: but at least you have something more 
1: what are some of the expressions you learnt 
2: oh I can't remember but 
1:  
2: I don't know because  I forgot them 
1:  
2: but . I don't know . some vocabulary and very specif specific things but . northern Irish people said . like for instance they most of them did not say yes they said ai . or I don't know that's one of the things I can remember but . many more things . and what I liked .. the least was the food 
1: oh yeah 
2: yeah . because I: usually have lunch at two let's say and there . I used to have . something like lunch at twelve maybe and then at four I had tea and scones . and then at . seven or six or eight depends on the day . I had a supper . or something . and then at twelve something else to  so . it was a very different thing . like a mess 
1: so they eat a lot is that what you're saying  
2: it's not that they eat a lot . but they eat many many times . but few things 
1: (mhm) 
2: and . I used to eat as much as possible because I didn't know when 
1:   
2:  was going to get . some more food . but no it's okay 
1: did you gain weight 
2: did I 
1: gain weight 
2: I think so 
1:   
2:  because most of the things I ate it was . chips and . chicken and pizza . not very healthy . I was just wishing to come back to eat some food and vegetables and . because I think . it must be because fruit is very expensive there because of the weather 
1: yeah 
2: that the family did not have many fruit .. but . I don't know 
1: would you like any any particular dish in particular 
2: (eh) on Sundays we had something called screw . or screw . or something like that . I can't remember . and it was with cauliflower and chicken and ham and peas and . anything s it was it was at least better than pizza chicken and cheese  and 
1:   it was this just a Sunday dish 
2: yeah 
 1: oh yeah .. wow 
2: for four Sundays . cause it was a month . I had the same . but I didn't mind because it was very nice 
1: but that's weird it's like a religious day or is it just 
2: I don't think it was religious but just because the whole family talked together . and sitting on the same table 
1: (mhm) 


<Part 2>


2: when usually we . everyone had lunch at any time when they want 
1: ah 
2: and now on Sunday . at about twelve . or one o'clock 
1: (mhm) 
2: it was I think (eh) yeah we . we in the same table we all had lunch together that thing or whatever 
1: (mhm) do you know she used to complain about the same dish here in Spain . about the food 
2: ah . in fact well she didn't eat much 
1: okay 
2: and my mum was crazy with her because . she didn't want to eat anything . because I think she was . trying to get thinner and thinner 
1: (mhm) 
2: so didn't eat much . and she just . ate ah fruit and . lettuce and . very few things .. (eh) . so I don't think the problem was Spanish food but that there she didn't eat much eitherself 
1: she has the problem   
2:   I think so I think so . and . about the weather here . well I think . it was really hot it was a very hot summer so 
1: yeah 
2: it was quite difficult for her I think . because when I was there . (eh) the day that was hotter . it was . ah .. fifteen degrees or something which is not too much . but I was with my T-shirt I said oh that's  that's my day  
1: yeah 
2: so .. (mm) with her family . well in fact . (eh) . I get on well with her family . and with her . not so well . I mean we didn't have an argument nothing but . the family was more open to somebody new coming . and . in different culture and in different (eh) 
1: so (eh) you met her . she was your penpal 
2: yeah 
1: and you had never met her before .  that time you went there 
2:  no we had been written each other for about . two or three years I think . which is quite a long a long time . but it's not the same as . knowing a person 
1: yeah 
2: so we were . willing to meet each other but at the same time it was difficult because it was different than writing a letter so 
1: that's not a call  
2: but anyway I think it was surely great . because I learnt quite a lot I and . and I . met a lot of people interesting people and . they . speak . spoke differently so . that helped me to . know . get fluency and . to learn 
1: yeah how did you actually get in touch with her the first time . how was the penpal 
2: because my teacher at high school <she clears her throat> . she told me ah of an agency which (eh) . gave (eh) address of people . in case you to wanted to have a penfriend . and I said okay and . I was I was interesting in that in writing people who wrote me in English . or I write in . in in English . so as to improve . and yeah .. it was a nice experience   
1:  interesting  ... and how was your family towards her 
2: (eh) we were . quite open specially my younger brother . (eh) who was with her all the time because (eh) .. he was . he's very friendly and she was quite shy so he tried to make her speak and to .. I don't know to get her into the conversation 
1: (mhm) 
2: and . okay I tried too but . whenever I saw that she didn't want to speak I said okay let's . leave her apart if she doesn't want to participate 
1: yeah 
2: and with me happened the same it was her brother . his younger brother . who was most open with me . watching TV or playing games or playing with the computer or ... so I think it's younger brothers who  
1:   
2:  who have the greatest part of the job   
1:   nice ... <she clears her throat> ... and anything else you'd like to add about her 
2: I don't know why I met . (eh) . many .. relatives of hers . because when I was there . two weeks her one of her cousins came to s to sleep on the same house and then their grandmother lived two houses (eh) . there . ah and . all of them were really nice . really nice 
1: (mhm) 
2: and then we . visited many places . we went to Dublin to ... I don't know to <name of city> to <name of city> to 
1:  yeah <indistinct voice> to me  
2:  and . yeah . I suppose it's what everyone does to take the . stranger to the . most common places to 
1: yeah 
2: folk parks and things like that 
1: (mhm) 
2: and . I don't think I will ever go to . in an exchange like this .. because I think I will now on prefer to go alone . 
1: what do you mean 
2: that .. (eh) . sometimes I felt like . (eh) . I would prefer to have my own house .. of course it was two years ago and I was younger . but now I think I would be able to live alone . and . to have a good time 
1:  without without a family 
2:  a better time being yes . I think so . so that I could go out whenever I wanted and go back and .. go back home at two o'clock or I don't know 
1: they didn't let you do that when you were there 
2: yeah on Tuesdays we went out to discos something but 
1:  
2: it was the fact the parents who have to come to . take us home so 
1: (mhm) 
2: I mean it has to be difficult for them to . to stay . (eh) awake until two so as to 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  go and pick us 
1: so they wouldn't give you a key 
2: (eh) no . the problem was that there was no bus to go back home . so it . they had to pick us 
1: oh 
2: it was  it was .. the only way 
1:  <indistinct voice> transportation system every day 
2: (mm) so I think if I lived alone .. maybe  I could try 
1: yeah 
2: to live somewhere where there was a bus 
1:   
2:  so that I could come back home at . whenever I wanted 
1: what did there was your biggest complaint 
2: (mm) .. I don't know 
1: do you guys still write to each other 
2: the 
1: do you guys still write to each other 
2: no 
1: no 
2: no because I don't know she . didn't want to write me again 
1: the friendship broke after years  <indistinct voice>  
2:  yes  after years of writing . then we meet . and then we .  never write us again 
1:  fall apart 
2: yeah 
1: I understand it's a sad ending   
2:  (mm) 
