<h nt"SP" nr"SP021">

<Part 1>


1: okay . hi   
2:    hello 
1:  my name is <first name of interviewer> 
2: my name is <first name of interviewee> 
1: ah <first name of interviewee> 
2:  hello 
1:  okay I had another girl who  was <first name of interviewee> too 
2:   
1: okay well (em) have you have a . had a look at the .  topics . yes 
2:  yes . and (em) 
1: and you've chosen 
2: I've chose about the: place . that I have found 
1: oh perfect   
2:  so . (eh) it's Costa Rica I was there  two years ago 
1:  oh yes 
2: and I think I don't know I think thought it was an amazing country because it's different . that what we we have . here or what we are used to see . around Europe 
1: wh why is it different 
2: because: (er) people is different it's a poor country  so 
1:  (mhm) 
2: people are . living in different situations that we do here . and then you have lo many things to do you have (mm) you can visit the cities but you can also go to the . (mm) beach you can go . to the forest there're many many things to do . that's why I love that zone . that country  and the weather of course .  it's very very warm 
1:  and the people what are the people like 
2: oh .. gorgeous . they're very very nice . they're poor people . and: . I think that . has a lot to do with the . the (mm) the . the way of being you know with the other people . I think . they're very nice very kind very good manners 
1: yeah  and 
2:  very relaxed   
1:   why wh . well apart from all what you've told me why did it impress you so much why 
2: cause I though it was . completely different than .. than here  because 
1:  yeah 
2: when I thought of Costa Rica . (eh) I was doing on my Christmas time . just of course you think about the beach . and: it was amazing . compared to: Santo Domingo for example . that . it's not only beach in Costa Rica there're many many things to do you've got . you can . ride horses you can go to the beach you can (eh) visit cit many cities that they're . beautiful cities you can I don't know . many many activities you can do . it's not only just go and . lay down on a beach . for seven days . <begins laugh> no <ends laugh> .  just . many things to do  
1:  okay yeah  and ah I don't know wher how long were you there for 
2: I was there for: eight days 
1:  eight days 
2:  eight days . yeah we were (eh) . I think it was .. four days to the city . San Jose . and then we went another four days to the beach 
1: holiday right 
2: yes 
1: yeah 
2: in a holidays . Christmas time   . yeah 


<Part 2>


1:   you've got a very American accent where .  have you been 
2:  yeah I was yeah I was there for: for a year 
1:  yeah 
2:  (eh) up in the north . Minnesota 
1: (uhu) 
2: went there . for a whole year 
1: yeah 
2: another amazing experience 
1: okay tell me about it   
2:  yeah . just great I was (eh) with a: American family . where  my 
1:  (mhm) 
2: my . two bro my two sisters and my brother went there also . we've all been in the same family 
1: ah   
2:  yes so there's a very very good relationship it's now like . another family we have there 
1: yeah 
2: and: it was just . passed so quick . the year . it was great . I did many many friends there . the family the experience was great . the only thing I didn't like was the weather . because we were thirty: degrees Celsius . down 
1: wow 
2: below . below cero 
1: very cold   
2:  very cold the whole year . the whole year . that's the only thing . but apart from that it was just a great experience 
1: yeah and what did you do there you both . had a course right or 
2: (eh) I did the: I was in highschool there 
1: oh 
2: was . there when I was sixteen 
1: yeah 
2: yeah 
1: (uhu) and . you . had any . problems with that  
2: no no no no . no problems it was just great 
1: yeah 
2: no problems at all .  no 
1:  easy  
2: easy easy yes it was easy . and then maybe (eh) we're planning to go now (eh) next year to Houston I don't know if . Angie  told you 
1:  yeah she said that 
2: we're having an . an oral exam on the third of May . and if everything 
1:  ah I think you'll do fine 
2:  goes fine and we can pass the exam then we'll . we'll go there on July 
1: I think . it'll be fine   
2:   I hope . no we really want to because we're gonna be: (mm) (eh) working as teachers there in public s (mm) state schools . so . I hope we pass the exam  
1: she said that you're going to teach Spanish . will you teach Spanish  or are you just 
2:  (eh) it depends maybe if we go there and just teach Spanish of . you (eh) . it depends on what they tell you . it depends on the state you go to . so 
1: yeah 
2: maybe you . go there and you're only . teaching . Spanish . or maybe you have your own class . and you teach . teach . the: Spanish subject and then other other subjects like natural science maths and . it depends you know every . state is different 
1: yeah 
2: so 
1: and . I don't know (em) where else have you been in . United Sates . only in Minnesota 
2: no but (mm) living living like studying there was in Minnesota but I've been there . going around with . with my family . I used to: to travel a lot there . we went to San Francisco w to Chicago Florida Mexico 
1: oh   
2:  (mm) I love the United States  
1: I can tell I can tell  anyway 
2:  you know maybe because I had a great experience . that's why . and because it's different 
1: yeah 
2: you know . I I . I was . on a . another year in Ireland . and it was . also a great experience 
1: oh you've been in Ireland  too 
2:  yes . beside Dublin I was in . Bray 
1: what do you think about people 
2: oh they're very close 
1: yeah 
2: you know it's like . it was very hard to get into a group . but I I cannot really tell . because I was . just . eleven years old . so it's not the same when you're eleven years old that . when you're older and you . really have to manage to go into a  group and meet people 
1:  yeah .. I think when you're older it's easier   
2:  yes it's much easier yes and . and it was the first time for me that I was going on . a foreign country so 
1: yeah 
2: and I wasn't going with (eh) like with a group of friends I was going for a family I think everything is different the age 
1:  yeah 
2:  that's the most important part 
1: that was good for your 
2: but . oh yes another  great experience too <begins laugh> yes <ends laugh> 
1:  nice experience  
2: I love going abroad .  a lot . a lot 
1:  yeah . where else have you been . anywhere else 
2: no no . I was just in . Ireland and . and United States 
1: (mhm) . I recommend Australia   
2:   I really want to but I was just asking María where is she from and she said Australia and I said oh my god what a lovely country I just really want to go everyone was saying it's amazing . that country 
1: yeah it's it's different .  different . very different 
2:  it's different yes 
1:  I think 
2:  really want to go and and . and the weather . the weather .. and they  say it's it's just 
1:   
2: wonderful Australia . and the people and everything 
1: yeah people are very open . (em) . (mm) I can't . okay (em)   
2:   
1: talk about yourself (em) . I don't know . (er) your life at university what you do 
2: well I've been (eh) 
1: you're in your last course right 
2: yes . it's my . but it's my second (eh) career the one I'm doing now . and the first one I did from the teaching . training but infant education 
1: oh right 
2: and then I was stud (eh) working for (mm) three years in a: British school 
1: oh nice experience 
2: (eh) 
1: yeah .  nice 
2:  great experience yeah . the the people I met there is the one that I go around now 
1:  ah 
2:  so . very very good . experience . it was a: . just a new school so everyone that went in were the same age and we . hang . hang around very good . all together . and then I decided to do this well the English training . because: to find a job here in Spain . it's much easier . with . English than without English 
1: yeah that's great 
2: so: . that's why I started doing this and I'm . I think in June . I'm done .. in June 
1: yeah and what are your future plans 
2: well if everything goes just like I want to . I'll pass my exam the third of May . then I'll go to the United States for a year . and then I'll come back in June to take my: state exams 
1: (mhm) 
2: cause we have them on . next June . and if I pass them . that's everything I want to do with my 
1:  
2: on the professional way 
1: yeah what . what age group do you prefer 
2: age group 
1: yeah 
2:  until now I've always said kindergarten kids because I love them but: this year I've been working with the eight-years-old and . it was fantastic too . it's different because you can do much more activities with them 
1: yeah 
2: and you can get on a conversation it's not the same like with the: . the small kids . but: . I don't know . each age has . an especial thing 
1: yeah a bit of everything  right 
2:  yeah 
1: not to get tired   
2:  the ones I'm more afraid are the ones of the: secondary course 
1: (mhm) 
2: the one that they are fourteen fifteen and . those are the ones I'm a bit afraid 
1: yeah they're tough kids 
2: yes and you have to really handle the class .  if you don't want them to 
1:  yeah .. I think you have to have more psychology than   for being a teacher  
2:  a lot . a lot yes because (mm) the ones at primary courses they really respect you (er) (er) . as a teacher 
1: yeah 
2: and the ones . the older ones they don't . it it shouldn't it usen't to be like that in Spain but it is now . they don't respect the . the teachers any more 
1: yeah I I see that lately . and (eh) what are your hobbies . what do you like to do 
2: I love travelling . with  my friends . I love that 
1:  yeah 
2: I love: reading . I love going to the cinema . I love: 
1: what type of movies do you like to watch 
2: the ones I cry  
1: dramas big dramas   
2:  drama drama the last movie I saw it was John Q 
1: (em) . oh 
2: did didn't you see about (eh) Denzel Washington 
1: no I didn't watch it . and I don't want you to tell me about it   
2:  no no I don't wanna tell you about it it's a very very nice movie . I like those one and the ones I don't like are the: . the horror movies . the ones . I don't like those ones . no   but I love going to the cinema 
1:  no . I don't like all that  gory stuff no no  
2:  yeah . no no I don't like those ones 
1:  okay 
2:  I like drama 
2: and 
1: what's your favourite movie . what would you say is your favourite movie 
2: Ghost maybe   
1:  Ghost 
2: Ghost yes . yes 
1:  
2: I cried so much with that movie . I still cry in every time I see it . and: I don't like I love going to the cinema I love . (mm) hanging around with my friends . I love travelling . just going out from our . out of Madrid at least for the weekends 
1: yeah 
2: and: I love reading and 
1: what type of books do you read 
2: I love Paulo Coelho I don't know if you know him 
1: now  I do not 
2:  it's (eh) <starts background buzzing noise> philosophical one . philo .  philosophy 
1:  ah 
2: philosophy you know . and . is it <stops background buzzing noise> 
1: no it's working but   I was hearing a funny noise  
2:  ah okay okay I heard . maybe it wasn't working . and: I don't know . any dram but . I like most . of the books . I don't like politics . those are the only types of book I I don't read .  but 
1:  (mm) 
2: otherwise I would read any book . I love reading 
1: (mhm) that's great 
2: if I have time of course  
