<h nt"SP" nr"SP033">


<Part 1>


1: and your first names 
2: <first name> 
1: female you e how old are you 
2: I am twenty years old 
1: nationality 
2: Spanish 
1: erm: main place of residence up to this point 
2: here in Murcia 
1: Murcia 
2: (mhm) 
1: and native language 
2: Spanish 
1: and your parents 
2: and my parents both Spanish 
1: have you: always spoken in Spanish in your home 
2: yeah 
1: yeah 
2: (mhm) 
1: okay ...sign here 
2: here 
1: okay I want you to: read the instructions carefully 
2: (mhm) 
1: and then choose a topic to talk about 
2: yeah . (mm) . loudly I'd like to interview you fn fo er: 
1: no in your head 
2: (eh) 
1:  
2: I choose number two 
1: (mhm) which country have you visited that has impressed you 
2: yeah er: e: I only went to er: the only went momen I has erm: gone to: to another country was er: e: two years ago I think it was three years ago and I went to: London 
1: (mhm) 
2: and a I loved London 
1: (mhm) 
2: because it was the first time I go abroad and: . and everything impressed me <starts laughter> so I was like a little child <ends laughter> and I was walking down the street and oh this house is a marvellous house 
1: (mhm) 
2: so everything impressed me and: for instance the: mm: 
1: did you go as a student  as an au-pair . as a student 
2:  yeah as a student yeah because I was a: (er) school er: i think I was finishing school and: the third grade I think er: . BUP 
1: (mhm) 
2: so or I was there for  a for a summer . yeah 
1:  end of school trip 
2: and I remember the: well I like the: National Gallery it was fantastic and the: Trafalgar Square and Piccadilly Circus I love it 
1: (mhm) 
2: and also the: the <i:>  streets in London (er) 
1: opposite Oxford Street 
2: Oxford Street and Regent Street also Canal  Street <starts laughter> yeah I love shopping <ends laughter> 
1:  did you go shopping 
2: so it was very expensive because I remember that erm: . (er) I was with my: friends and we decide to go shopping and then we: we we went in the street and then we saw  so  we thought let's go let's going  so we we decide to come to the:  to the: to the shop and er: the shopper attendant is that attendant  (mm) saw us as <starts laughter> and thinking ah they are homeless or <ends laughter> something like that but we ha we haven't enou (er) enough money (er) to: to buy a simple belt or something or a  never <starts laughter> anything so <ends laughter> 
1: (mhm) 
2: so we decide to: to go out and (er)  also I love (erm) ..I like the: . this . the kind of (er) houses and . and the gardens (er) everything is different I think they have another mentality so: 
1: (mhm) 
2: (mm) th all of th er: things impressed me so I 
1: in mentality what do you mean different 
2: er: for instance er: in Spanish . I think erm: due to the: to the weather we are people that (mm) express (er) our feelings in a: different way or: so and and I think it (er) . influence the: the way in which they live for instance (er) they: the weather there is always a: cloudy and: and it's always raining and so this (er) influence the: mood of the English people so they they (er) express themselves in a different way as we: as we do but (mm) for instance er: .. they don't care (er) the way in which they are: (mm) dressed for  instance so 
1:  very good point  
2: yeah and: and we we take care of th of that so: when you get up in the morning you s you think about this (er) T-shirt and this trouser 
1: (mhm) 
2: because they fit or something like that and they . they does <starts laugher>  
1:   do you like that or  
2: well . it's different (eh) yes I like it and because (em) (mhm) am (er) 
1:  themselves 
2: yeah (mm) I have no eh: haven't .  how do you say  and: so I like it and above all we er: what I like most was er: the freedom I don't know way but I found myself (er)  there in a new country with new people (er) everything was new for me and and I found myself . freely  
1: did you meet any English people 
2: yeah eh; I was in a: famil was living in a: . in a family and I think it was a mother a: father and they were . beautiful people and: but they were not English (er) he was (er) a Polishman and she was (er) Italian bu but they were they: they had been living in: in London for: don't know for  years I think and they were em: they worked as a: as teachers in the school so they they try to explain the: everything to you very: charming or very  so they were very sweet people and they have (erm) . 
1: they have what 
2: three children and I think (er) they have (er) one girl and two boys and the only one of the: of the children that I knew was the: the youngest boy and I was very he was very friend of mine because you know I was in: in his house so . and: we get on very well and: also the: the er: . I get very well with the: er: . you sa how do you say em: . when yo or  his house the: 
1: welcoming 
2: yeah but erm: well er: 
1: the  . the  
2:  but but I me what I mean is that: one is the guest and the other is the host 
1: host yeah 
2: so the: we we were the hoste the hostes and the: well (mhm) another: another girl who was er: . er: with me er:  (er)  his hers 
