<h nt"SP" nr"SP006">


<Part 1>


1: my name is <first name of interviewer> 
2: (mhm) 
1: what's your name 
2: <first name of interviewee> 
1: <first name of interviewee> . have you read the topics 
2: yeah 
1: have you (em) chosen one 
2: (mhm) yes I've chosen the first one 
1: okay . you wanna talk to me about it 
2: an experience . sorry 
1: you wanna talk to me about it 
2: (mhm) that's right . yes well about an experience which taught me an important lesson 
1: (mhm) okay 
2: well it wasn't very long ago . it was like . a month or two . and it was when my boyfriend's grandmother died 
1: (mhm) 
2: okay . so she was more or less old . and but you wouldn't expect it because although she was old she was okay we didn't think she was ill or anything 
1: right 
2: and so when we were at home and they phoned us and they said she had died . so we went there . and the funny thing is that . they had their family divided into Spanish people and . (eh) Italian 
1: (mhm) 
2: half their family is Italian . so they phoned everyone in Italy and everything so they would come and . have the . funeral and (eh) and all that 
1: (mhm) 
2: so then the . well when all the family came . there are seven . the grandmother had seven children . but now they are big .  of course 
1:  right 
2: but . she had seven so four of them are in Italy and three here . they all got reunited and they had the funeral and all that . and the thing is that why didn't (em) mark me in a way . is because . after the funeral . you're supposed to be sad and all that's what we are used to 
1: yeah 
2: but the thing is that (mm) when we all went to the house . when the grandmother had died and after she had been buried and all that . they were so happy . couldn't imagine . they weren't happy because she had died but . they were happy of having all of them . together again 
1: yeah 
2: since they are in Italy and . they don't see each other a lot . so they were all really happy . remembering things often when they're small . when their well their children . well grandchildren were all there . I was there too though I wasn't from the family . and they were all singing and . really funny . it was  something that really marked me 
1:  yeah 
2: and they . made me think well . death is normal . and we have to accept it and . although it is really hard . to overcome all those things . because it does . people can still laugh and be happy . so .  that's it 
1:  (mm) . that's a different way of putting it  
2: yes it is . it is weird . we never see: those kind of things . or hardly ever 
1: wow . so they weren't sad at all because she died  
2: well . of course yes they were sad . in a way they did cry and all that .  but 
1:  okay 
2: what was really funny was that . well one of the sons . of this of this person 
1: (mhm) 
2: (eh) when he was young . when he was twenty . or eighteen I don't know . he used to compose songs 
1: (mhm) 
2: and play them with his . his brothers and sisters  and the guitar and they sung and everything 
1:  (mhm) (mhm) 
2: so he found them because he has been in Italy for so long 
1: (mhm) 
2: and then when he came back . he went back to his house . he found them somewhere in his . when where it had been his room . he found his songs and oh look look what I've got here 
1: oh 
2: and they all sang and everything 
1: it's nice 
2: it was really nice definitely 
1: so how long was it before they had seen each other 
2: nineteen years 
1: wow 
2: since they haven't been all together . well . I know that the parents of my boyfriend went to Italy to see their brothers and take him back but . to be again together the seven of them . hadn't been since the death of his fa of their father 
1: it is always the death moments  bringing them together 
2:  yes . yes they did say that they said . isn't it funny we only . get together for deaths 
1: wow .  that 's different 

<Part 2>


2: yeah . (mhm) so now they have decided to: to reunite all of them (em) every year . I don't know if it would be possible or not  because 
1:   
2: everyone has some things 
1:  yeah 
2:  but they're going to try 
1: and how is your boyfriend feeling 
2: now he's fine 
1: is he fine 
2: yes .well he was of course affected like all (eh) the rest 
1: (mhm) 
2: but he was really happy and he says it's the best . way we . (em) they had to . celebrate her death . he thinks . well . he's not very religious . but he thinks that . his granny would be happy . to have them all like that . happy and singing together 
1: right 
2: not sad and crying . because after all we know that death is . is inevitable . no . so . so it was nice in a way 
1:  
2: it could be worse 
1: definitely definitely 
2: yeah 
1: so . we have a: couple of minutes 
2: (mhm) 
1: anything else you would like to add about that or any other topics 
2: well I could say that we should follow their ad . not their advice but their example 
1: (mhm) 
2: (em) . maybe it's because we are not used to death that we always take it so badly 
1: yeah 
2: I always think . (mm) I'm not sure if I'm right or not  it's my opinion 
1:  it's your opinion  
2: yes . but I think that we should bring children to: funerals 
1: yeah 
2: you know because in that way . (mm) you make them see death since they're small . (mm) they're . (mm) start accepting it . because then if yo . first time you see someone dead . when you are old . you get so impressed . because you're not used to it . that it's harder to overcome it 
1: (mm) 
2: that was it . when I have children if I ever have them . I'm going to bring them to the 
1: to see dead people   
2:   yes . not because I like it of course but because I think it's the best thing to do 
1: yeah 
2: although it's sad but . we just can't do anything to help it . it's the way it is so 
1: that's different . yes . definitely it's it's hard when you're old and . and you have you're not used to that 
2: yeah 
1: and just . see it for the first time it's hard 
2: it it yes . I remember the first time I saw . my grandfather when he was dead . and as you're not used to it yourself . you don't even know what to do or anything 
1: you're shocked yeah 
2: yes . but everyone dies every day . and in . all over the  world 
1:  but you never think it's gonna happen to one of relatives right 
2:  yeah . exactly 
1:  it's always like oh someone died I know but . no really somebody close to you so that it doesn't really hurt as much 
2: that's true yes . we're not used to it . now if . and we know it can happen . anything you can have accidents you can have anything but 
1: (mhm) 
2: you just can't accept that you are at home . doing whatever and suddenly have phone call that someone has died . it's so hard . but I still think that it's because we are not . we are not . well educated on that 
1: yeah . it's one of those  topics that nobody really talks about . it's just 
2: taboo 
1: just happens . but that's it buried people that's it 
2: yeah .  
1: it's different . we still have more time   
2:   so . if you want anything me to be asked 
1: (em) I don't know . do you like any of the other two topics 
2: what were they about . (eh) a country that I have visited 
1: yeah . have you visited any places 
2: well yes . my mother is an air hostess   so I fly . quite often 
1:  wow so where were you then 
2: yeah . well most of them to Mexico 
1: (mm) 
2: because she is in a . Air Mexico .  so I've been there plenty of times 
1: did you visit Cancun 
2: yeah 
1: me too   
2:  oh yes . have you . did you like it 
1: yes  I loved it 
2:  I love it 
1: yeah  <indistinct voice> 
2:  ah . I've been there quite a few times 
1: nice  
2: lovely . yeah . the thing that impressed me most . about Cancun is that . the first time I went to the beach . I thought it had snowed . do you . as the sand is white 
1: the sand is white 
2: and a such . shocking impression 
1: yeah 
2: I just went there and I said . but look it's snowed .  
1:   
2:  <begins laugh> and it couldn't be of course <ends laugh>  
1: no yeah . and also the water is really clean 
2:  yeah . it's so transparent 
1:  <indistinct voice> the people the culture . everything is different 
2: yeah . it's very nice . the only thing I see about that is quite (eh) sad 
1: (mhm) 
2: that there's such a difference between . poor people and old . ah not old sorry . rich people 
1: (mhm) 
2: you can see the mountains up to the top . with houses of poor people . with that . with no one to talk about . without friends 
1: (mhm) 
2: and don't having . not having any water 
1: (mhm) 
2: no light . anything 
1: (mhm) 
2: it's so higher . and then . just beside it . you have huge huge mansions 
1: yeah 
2: <indistinct voice> it's so weird . such a lovely place as it is . you have so many differences 
1: so many inequalities of wealth over there  <indistinct voice> 
2:  sorry 
1: inequality of wealth 
2: oh yeah 
1: it's really it's really different . it's only the two cases <indistinct voice> 
2: I know . yeah . and also in Mexico . well we have lots of friends there that have worked with my mother they have . afterwards they went to live there 
1: (mhm) 
2: that they want to come back to Spain . they say it's horrible . that there it's really horrible . because (mm) you can't have your children free and . and then . with the tranquillity that nothing's going to happen 
1: (mm) 
2: there's so much crime and so much . (em) so many kidnappings and things like that 
1: (mm) 
2: so . and it's always because of that 
1: there's to go and visit and then when you really got to live 
2: yeah 
1: yeah . where I stayed it was really nice .  but 
2:  where did you stay 
1: I stayed at 
2: a friend's house 
1: no I stayed  at a hotel yeah it's called Beach Palace 
2:  a hotel 
1:  it's the Palace resort I don't know if you've heard of it 
2:  (mhm) .. yeah . there's plenty of  hotels there 
1:  yes yes there's many of them where I was was really nice I liked a lot it's an experience I would like to .  have again  
2:  yeah  that's very nice . I've been like about five times or so 
1: (mm) 
2: yeah 
1: nice 
2: and also to Acapulco 
1: I haven't been to Acapulco but I wanna go . there and . it's this beach <name of beach> near of it 
2: I don't know 
1: it's some some other place there which is really nice 
2: the only thing about Acapulco is that the . the beach is not so clear . as in Cancun 
1: oh yes 
2: and the waves are really really strong . and that's a problem because . f for people who love  swimming like me 
1:  swimming yeah 
2: you can't do it 
1: no 
2: only the people that live there I mean . know how the . sea . well how to control it  more or less 
1:  yeah yeah 
2: they can see it 
1: definitely I look forward to it 
