<h nt"SP" nr"SP024">



<Part 3>



1: okay this is the last thing that you have to do  okay 
2:  okay 
1: this is ah some pictures  okay 
2:  (mm) 
1: and: it's a story  
2: ah okay   
1:  so: . you more or less just look at the pictures and . tell me . what you think is happening in each . picture okay 
2: (mm)  okay 
1:  in your own words 
2: okay . it's like . there's a girl sitting there . and it's a painter . who is drawing a picture of her . and: then .. okay he really . paint her like . she is . in the way she is . and then he finally . finish it . she look at the picture . and she didn't like it at all I think  
1:  
2: because she really saw herself 
1:  
2: so  he: the painter start to draw a new picture . and . he paint a really beautiful girl 
1:   
2:  that it begins laugh> doesn't look <ends laugh> very much like the real one . and she: looks very satisfied when . she showed the picture to: her friends ... I think she . think she looks like that .   
2:   
1: what are the differences what d'you . what do you see the differences . from . the . pic this picture and . this one 
2: oh for example the hair . in the first one it's like . you know it's all straight and like . not so . much nice . and in the second one it's like . very . nice . and . ah I don't find the word . it doesn't matter   
1:  okay 
2: very nice and fashionable and . like . good looking and . yeah like really nice cut and 
1: (mhm) 
2: all that  stuff and 
1:  and the face is there any features in the face that are different 
2: yes: . I mean . yeah of course the second one she looks like . nicer and . younger and like . a top model face  or something like that 
1:   
2: and also the dress . I mean even if it's . should be like . the same one but it doesn't look the same because it is like another kind of body  
1:  
2: yeah s I mean in the second one she looks like . model or something like that yeah 
1: (mhm) 
2: like perfect or 
1: yeah and . and what do you think . if  if ah 
2:   
1: well what do you think the painter is . thinking about this change do you think he's happy about it 
2: no I don't think he is . because he: really make a good job . you know with the first one . I mean . he probably ask him about . to make a . picture of her . and he really did it  and that  I don't know she has a different imagine . about herself in he in her mind probably 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  about him . I think he's not . agree with her because . he really do that . good job . in fact 
1: (mhm) . that's good . and what do you think the friends are thinking  
2: yeah   
1:   
2: I think they are like . okay if you're happy thinking in that way  that you're like the ch the same one . in the picture ... I don't think they believe it at all   
1:   if you did a portrait of yourself . wo wo would you do this . would you: tell the painter to change   
2:   well I I think I wouldn't have asked for . some kind of that . (er) no I think ah probably I would like to: show myself and . if I don't like it just . try to convince that . Ana that's you so   
1:   
2: don't try to change it  
1: okay so you think this woman has probably .. is not very: . do you think she is . happy about 
2: herself 
1: yeah (mm) 
2: probably not because 
1: she's self-confident 
2: I don't think . I think . maybe she has too much . confidence . and she really don't get what . she is I mean she have been . thinking so much like . I'm really pretty and she really believe it and 
1: (mhm) 
2: she really change her mind a lot  
1: yeah . and she's . looks like she's showing 
2: yeah .  herself 
1:  convinced 
2: yeah that she is that in fact 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  well she probably feel like that . I mean that's good 
1: yeah 
2: but also you have to be realistic .   
1:   
2: I think 
1: okay well . we can stop 
