<h nt"SP" nr"SP049".

<Part 1>


1: your surname 
2: (mm) <family name> 
1: your first names 
2: <first name> 
1: okay how old are you 
2: (mm) twenty 
1: wha what's your nationality 
2: Spanish 
1: your place of residence 
2: (er) Murcia 
1: and native language 
2: Spanish 
1: and you father and mother 
2: (mm) m mother tongue (mm) Spanish 
1: Spanish also 
2: Spanish also 
1: always spoken Spanish at home no 
2: always 
1: okay ... can you sign there please ... you read the instructions to yourself and then choose a topic to talk about 
2: ten minutes  ... experience a country or a film a: ... I think I'll describe a film 
1: okay 
2: okay (mm) but it's not a f it's not (mm) a film that I've seen recently 
1: (mhm) 
2: coz I've seen a lot of bad movies recently 
1:  
2: so I'm going to talk about a movie that I saw I I think two months ago but is the one that impressed me the so much because it was so good it was it was Artificial Intelligence the one by directed by Steven Spielberg and it is I I liked it because I: I think I am a little childish and that was a childish movie 
1: (mhm) 
2: and it's like a fairy tale and it's about I I have to (mm) tell you the story line the story of 
1: you can tell me  everything 
2:  the plot (mm) well it's it's like er: like (er) like Pinocchio in the future it's (er) a robot child that is made to love a person and so he loves this person a woman who thinks she's his m hi her mother and but then (mm) she abandons him and he starts like (er) a search for a blue fai a blue fairy like in Pinocchio to: to: to become a real child and then get back the love from the mother so (mm) I'm not going to tell you the end but 
1:  
2: I I was so impressed because it's it's it's so (mm) fantasy it's like fantasy and adventure and and drama comedy it's it's everything in one and it lasted about two hours but I would have (mm) I would (mm) I wouldn't have minded it (mm) lasting I don't know four hours or 
1:  
2: or so on 
1: (mhm) 
2: I don't know what else to tell you 
1: wha what were the actors 
2: the actor is this child (mm) Haley Joe Osmond do you know him is the one from The Sixth Sense and and well less known actors (mm) Francis MacDonals I think is one of them and Jude Law and .. and we the mo the most important person is Steven Spielberg 
1: (mhm) 
2: is named in the: in the cover 
1: do you like Steven Spielberg films 
2: (mm) one part of them 
1: (mhm) 
2: I like them because I I like adventure and fantasy and . I like to feel like a child and to go back to those times and yes I like them 
1: wha what other films have you seen of him 
2: uff a lot a lot of them I've seen . Encounters in the: Third Fase 
1: (mhm) 
2: and Hook (mm) E T  or 
1:  
2: and I don't know 
1: Jurassic Park 
2: Jurassic Park Jurassic Park Two  
1: what is your favourite do you think of . Spielberg 
2: I think thi this this  one this one the last one I saw and and Hook is about Peter Pan 
1:  this one (mhm) (eh) Hook yeah 
2: I liked it very much because of the same reasons I like child movies and 
1: do you like films a lot 
2: <whispering> I like yeah 
1: yeah do you go to the cinema 
2: yes I go (er) I I I've been this month three or four times 
1: (mm) 
2: so far but . but I have lik I have seen American Pie and movies (er) horror movie (er) they were (er) horrendous 
1: (mhm) 
2: I don't like 
1: what about videos at home do you watch videos 
2: I have a video here in my apartment 
1: (mhm) 
2: and I usually rent (mm)  yes 
1: (mhm) 
2: <whispering> I like it very much 
1: (mhm) and what about Spanish films 
2: Spanish films . I'm I think I'm now more open-minded 
1: (mhm) 
2: (mm) some years ago I I didn't like at al I I I thought (eh) Spanish movie not at all I don't wanna see it but now I I have seen this year some Spanish movies  and I hav I I'm changing I'm opening my changing my mind about them yes I've seen <foreign> Lucía y el sexo </foreign> and: 
1: (mhm) 
2: and <foreign> Juana la loca </foreign> and The Others which is in English but it is Spanish 
1: yeah Spanish director no 
2: (mhm) 
1: (mhm) and what about French films Amelie  what do you think do you like it 
2:  (eh) yes  I've seen it yeah 
1: (mhm) do you think Europe has a lot to offer as in films 
2: what 
1: Europe like Spain France 
2: (eh) yes definitely there's a lot of 
1: not just America 
2: yeah no there's a lot of creativity now in . that's it here in in Europe there are (mm) better ideas but we don't have the the facilities and the yes . they have the money they have (er) special effects and all that they have good stories also they have . best movies of history they are they are American but but Europe . Europe they have good good ideas 
1: originality 
2: yes originality you ha you can see it in Amelie 
1: yeah 
2: (er) that's a great movie yes original and I have I have never seen nothing like that 
1: (mhm) 
2: (mhm) 

