<h nt"SP" nr"SP025">


<Part 1>

1: okay hi   
2:  hi 
1: okay what's your name 
2: it's <first name of interviewee>  <indistinct voice> 
1:  <first name of interviewee> okay right .. (em) okay well have you chosen your topic 
2: yeah it's (eh) the first one . (eh)  it's a 
1:  I don't remember the numbers you just tell me   
2:  all right it's about an: experience I lived . and (em) okay I'm going to talk about (eh) something I lived five years ago 
1: ah okay 
2: and (eh) it was (eh) . okay in my house there was living an . an Ukrainian girl from Chernobyl  and 
1:  wow 
2: yes because (eh) we wanted to: I mean in my family we are four my parents my brother and me . and we want to be one more . but my mothe:r she said that she didn't want to be pregnant again to get pregnant again so we were looking for . for another son or daughter . so finally we decide to ah find an Ukrainian girl 
1: but adopt her 
2: (eh) we wanted to but: (eh) when we talk with the <clears her throat> sorry with the (em) (eh) association who was (eh) (eh) preparing these things 
1: (mhm) 
2: they said that it's im it was impossible to adopt one from Ucrania . from Ucrania so: today we're trying I mean we: th this girl was (eh) . in my house for a 
1: (mhm) 
2: a whole summer . but: at the end of the summer we decide (eh) to: to be a little bit more with . to stay a little bit more with her . so: finally (eh) . she was here for two years and (eh)  we <indistinct voice> I mean we thought (eh) okay since now here for two years . for sure she's never gonna go back again for to Ucrania but finally she had to do it so we were really really sad  and (eh) 
1:  oh I suppose 
2: because (eh) after two days you feel like (eh) she's another one from your family . and (eh)  this summer (em) . so I mean she went to: he she went back to: Ucrania 
1: how old was sh 
2: (eh) sh when she arrived she was (eh) .. five . six years old 
1: (uhu) 
2: (eh) she was really cute  and 
1:   (uhu) 
2: you know  
1:  
2: and (eh) . two years I mean she she went back to . to Ucrania and everyday we were talking by phone with her and . he was calling us mum father or daddy or th (eh) to my my brother he was her brother also and . things like that . so (eh) this summer the last summer we tried to have her again in ou in our house and (em) finally we are going to do this summer . so: we are really happy and (eh) . it's a I mean it's a good a really good experience for: all of us because  . (eh) she taught us she taught us a lot of things (eh) because okay you want to help the rest of the people are used to send some money to: some countries 
1:  yeah 
2:  but it's not the same when you really are: seeing what you are doing . it's totally different . so . that was the: the topic I've chosen the the experience (eh)  I lived 
1:  and you're going to 

