<h nt"SP" nr"SP009">


<Part 1>


1: my name is <first name of interviewer> . what's your name 
2: <first name of interviewee> 
1: <first name of interviewee> . so . have you read the topics 
2: yes 
1: which one did you choose 
2: topic three 
1: that is 
2: ah a film or a play 
1: okay 
2: I'd like to talk about a play 
1: (mhm) 
2: that I watched . and . it was (eh) by Bertold Brecht 
1: (mhm) 
2: a German writer . and it was called (mm) The Chairs  
1:  The Chairs 
2:  well it was . yes . it was a I saw it in Spanish so . when I was at high school 
1: (mhm) 
2: I went with my lite universal literature class 
1: (mhm) 
2: and . it was in . in a theatre in Madrid . and I liked it very much because . it was . it was a bit sad . I think because it (eh) it was about a couple . that (mm) they were talking alone all the play . but they were talking about other people and they . started to in invite other people but there was nobody . and they started to: to take chairs . and to talk to people but there was nobody so it was . (mm) such loneliness and . they made us as if . there were people .. 
1: (mhm) 
2: and .. well the .. the actress I don't know if you know her was (eh) I don't remember her name  right now . and . well I went with my class .. and it was some years ago . (eh) four five years ago . and I didn't know much about literature but . I liked it very much 
1: (mhm) 
2: it was I think a modernist (eh) writer 
1: (mhm) it's good ah did you like . did you not like anything about the play 
2: (eh) sorry 
1: did you not like anything about the play 
2: no I liked it . well I .  I think it was so sad but . I think it was the . what is good about the play .. so the feeling the feeling you get is the . loneliness and . you come out of the theatre . feeling a bit depressed but <begins laugh> I think that's different <ends laugh> 
1: yes  ah  
2:  (mm) . I don't know 
1:  
2: I . the people with whom I went . didn't like the film 
1: (mhm) 
2: well some of them did but 
1: (mhm) 
2: most of them didn't like the film (eh) the play sorry  that . I think because it was a: a bit strange . because you expect to: to watch a: a story about people and things that happen 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  but it was . (mm) it didn't happen anything  
1: nothing happened 
2: no 
1: how did it end 
2: (eh) it didn't have an ending   
1:   why 
2: it was a very strange  . as I said 
1: so all throughout the play they were just talking to . nobody 
2: sorry 
1: all throughout the play there were just talking to nobody is it . is that what you said two empty chairs 
2: yes (mm) 
1:  
2: they we they were talking to . to people and . and touching people but there was nobody so 
1: (mm) 
2: because they talk to among themselves . as well but . it was . sad <laugh> 


<Part 2>



1: (mm) is there an any other movies or films that you've seen . that you liked 
2: I went (mm) .. I . I haven't watched (mm) much plays .. but I went to . one I . I don't remember the playwright I think it was Lope de Vega 
1: (mhm) 
2: (eh) .. no it was ... no . I don't remember  
1:  
2: it was very funny but a a man who's who's ill and .. and he trust to: to do whatever he wants because he's ill and he thinks people have to: to to be: (eh) taking care of he of him because he's ill . and it was fun because . there was (eh) . there were love affairs as well 
1: (mhm) <laugh> 
2: and I went with my class   as well 
1:  wow  do you have an ending  
2: yes but I don't remember .   right now 
1:  okay okay 
2: but it was a normal thing  a play 
1:  do you remember the name of it 
2: no . because it was (eh)  a lot of (eh) 
1:  a long time ago 
2: yes 
1: okay . other people have been mentioning American Beauty . have you seen the movie yet 
2: no . no n but but I've been told it's good 
1: (mhm) 
2: have you watched it 
1: yeah I have but . I have biased views . it's because I'm too used to bad type of . things and . I just don't find anything amazing about it . I don't know 
2: I think it's a parody of . American . society 
1: yeah . it is possibly it's mocking the American society . but . I don't know  
2:  
1: well . we have a couple of minutes to continue have you visited . places 
2: I've been in . Italy . for example 
1: Italy . good place to go for a spare break . what parts would you recommend 
2: ah I liked . (mm) . Milan 
1: (mhm) 
2: most of all the places . because I: I didn't expect to find . a beautiful city . because (eh) most of the times when people talk about Italy they talk about Rome or Venice 
1: (mhm) 
2: and I didn't like Venice  
1: didn't you .  why 
2:  no . because you think about the water and the those shapes I don't know how . how are they called 
1: (mhm) 
2: but then what you . what you find is . the water is very dirty and it smells badly and  
1: (mhm) 
2: and well . and Rome I: I saw the Colosseum but it was (eh) . it was being mended so but it was . not very good 
1: for how long did you go 
2: (eh) for a week . only for a week that I visited some of the places and Pisa 
1: yeah 
2: and I liked a lot the <laugh> the tower <laugh> 
1: did you go with the school . with your class   
2:  yeah  yeah 
1: they take you to really good places   
2:   
1: (uhu) did your friends like it  
2: yes . all of them  
1: good  
2: and well you go with your friends and . you have fun  
1: (mhm)  isn't that fun  
2:  yes  
1:  yeah I know  .. yeah 
2: and I haven't been to Britain or to: America so 
1: (mhm) . so the English that you know you've learnt  here in the school 
2:  yes .. in private schools or at university well you don't speak much at university 
1: yeah 
2: you can't speak to: the native people or 
1: yeah . do you think that's something they should like really work about doing . just like fixing up some conversation 
2: yes 
1: courses and stuff like that 
2: yes because you only have the opportunity to talk if you . speak in class but . many times you don't speak 
1: yeah 
2: so I think . there should be some . classes or conversation hours . with native people or non native but . to give you the opportunity to talk . in the first course there are some .. some courses of . conversation because (eh) you have an or an oral exam 
1: (mhm) 
2: but . you don't do much ... and (eh) it wasn't . all the year 
1: (mhm) 
2: so you don't get much practice 
1: (mhm) . do you think if you maybe . ask for it or like . made up a session . so have a like a drilling course or something like that conversation course . directed by or by a native maybe they would do it to you 
2: yes I think so ... I think many people need the: the courses because . not all the people have the opportunity to go abroad 
1: (mhm) 
2: and practise I like to go I I want to go abroad but . when I finish my degree it's when I want to go in the summer when . all the  people go abroad 
1:  yeah 
2: and you find Spanish people 
1: (mhm) 
2: all .. all are Spanish people around . and . and I think . it would be a good chance to practise your English 
1: by going abroad 
2: yeah 
1: but Italy is not really an English speaking . place .   
2:   
1: so really you can't practise your . English there 
2: no 
1: much .. it's good experience to go away . it just helps . did you get to notice there anything about the culture . Italy 
2: yeah I want to go abroad . because of that . because I . you you not only have to: to know how to speak the language because yo you need to: to know the culture as well 
1: (mhm) (mhm) 
2: and I think it's . useful . and if you want to to teach I don't I don't know if I want to teach but . in case I teach 
1: (mhm) 
2: I think you: you have to teach the language and the culture as well 
1: (mhm) definitely 
2: so . so you have to to know it 
1: teach English would you 
2: English 
1: you say you don't know if you wanna teach but you were to teach what would you teach 
2: English . language  <laugh> 
1:  English language 
2: I don't like li . well . I like literature but not to teach it . I'm not very good at literature <laugh> 
1: so it'd be like grammar 
2: yes . grammar and syntax . is what I like most 
1: (mhm) 
2: <laugh> 
1: that's where I have the difficulties you should teach me   
2:   right  
1:  yes so .. what else . did you tried the food in Italy 
2: sorry 
1: the food . did you try . the food 
2: the food 
1: in Italy 
2: in 
1: Italy   
2:   I don't understand sorry 
1: ah did you have . ah like pasta and stuff in Italy 
2: ah yes . all the time   
1:   
2: you're eating (mm) <foreign> espaguetis </foreign> 
1:  yeah 
2:  all the time . and pizzas . we . we went to Burger King  one day 
1:  oh yeah 
2: because we missed .. (mm) . meat   
1:   .. yeah 
2: but I like the 
1:  you like it 
2:  that food ... yes 
1:  
2: if you eat it all the day 
1: yeah . my friend also went to Italy and she was like . when she came back she 
2:   .. yes  
1:  hated pasta she went like I can't eat more spaghetti I hate it 
2:   
1:  so and everything is true . ever since she went she doesn't eat any pasta 
2:   
1:  cos she got she got so sick of it . so 
2: it happen to me also  
1: so at least they have Burger Kings and they have McDonalds 
2:  yes ..  
1:  and the American places that'll be good 
2: yeah  
1: that's good to know   
2:   
