<h nt"SP" nr"SP021">

<Part 1>


1: okay . hi   
2:    hello 
1:  my name is <first name of interviewer> 
2: my name is <first name of interviewee> 
1: ah <first name of interviewee> 
2:  hello 
1:  okay I had another girl who  was <first name of interviewee> too 
2:   
1: okay well (em) have you have a . had a look at the .  topics . yes 
2:  yes . and (em) 
1: and you've chosen 
2: I've chose about the: place . that I have found 
1: oh perfect   
2:  so . (eh) it's Costa Rica I was there  two years ago 
1:  oh yes 
2: and I think I don't know I think thought it was an amazing country because it's different . that what we we have . here or what we are used to see . around Europe 
1: wh why is it different 
2: because: (er) people is different it's a poor country  so 
1:  (mhm) 
2: people are . living in different situations that we do here . and then you have lo many things to do you have (mm) you can visit the cities but you can also go to the . (mm) beach you can go . to the forest there're many many things to do . that's why I love that zone . that country  and the weather of course .  it's very very warm 
1:  and the people what are the people like 
2: oh .. gorgeous . they're very very nice . they're poor people . and: . I think that . has a lot to do with the . the (mm) the . the way of being you know with the other people . I think . they're very nice very kind very good manners 
1: yeah  and 
2:  very relaxed   
1:   why wh . well apart from all what you've told me why did it impress you so much why 
2: cause I though it was . completely different than .. than here  because 
1:  yeah 
2: when I thought of Costa Rica . (eh) I was doing on my Christmas time . just of course you think about the beach . and: it was amazing . compared to: Santo Domingo for example . that . it's not only beach in Costa Rica there're many many things to do you've got . you can . ride horses you can go to the beach you can (eh) visit cit many cities that they're . beautiful cities you can I don't know . many many activities you can do . it's not only just go and . lay down on a beach . for seven days . <begins laugh> no <ends laugh> .  just . many things to do  
1:  okay yeah  and ah I don't know wher how long were you there for 
2: I was there for: eight days 
1:  eight days 
2:  eight days . yeah we were (eh) . I think it was .. four days to the city . San Jose . and then we went another four days to the beach 
1: holiday right 
2: yes 
1: yeah 
2: in a holidays . Christmas time   . yeah 
