<h nt"SP" nr"SP027">

<Part 1>


1: okay what's your surname 
2: <family name> <spells family name> 
1: i-l 
2: i-l 
1: and your first names 
2: <first name> <spells first name> 
1: okay and female of course  
2:  
1: and how old are you 
2: (eh) twenty 
1: okay what's your nationality 
2: Spanish 
1: (eh) .. where were you born . what's your place of residence 
2: in . Bullas in my village b-u-double l-a-s 
1: Bullas and where is that 
2: in Murcia . here in Murcia 
1: is it far from here 
2: no twenty minutes 
1: (uhu) .. and what's your native language 
2: (er) . Spanish 
1: (uhu) .. and your parents . your mother and father 
2: Spanish 
1: Spanish ...and you've always been talked in Spanish 
2: yes 
1: okay ...can you sign here please 
2: yes 
1: okay can you read the instructions carefully and then choose a topic . okay 
2: okay ... and do I have to read 
1: wha  
2: I will  choose topic number two 
1: okay yes why what did you visit what country have you visited 
2: I was last summer in Ireland 
1: Ireland 
2: yes and I think it's wonderful because I went there to . to work as au pair 
1: (mhm) 
2: and the family was very nice and they . they put me at  and . they were wonderful people they had four children and all they were lovely and . I learnt about about (mm) many things about their life their kind of li of life because they are very similar to Spanish people 
1: (mhm) 
2: because .. I don't know how to explain but they are .. we have something in common perhaps they are also Catholic as we . as we are 
1: (mhm) 
2: and .. they se they see the life as we do and . the landscape in Ireland is wonderful everything is green it's very different from here from Murcia because everything is dry and  
1: what part of Ireland 
2: (eh) .. In Dublin 
1: Dublin 
2: yes a village called Malahide 
1: (uhu) 
2: yes . and I knew a lot of people and Spanish people too and this weekend they are going to come here to visit me yes . very good friend 
1: (uhu) and (eh) how did you get to know about it . how did you become an au pair 
2: (eh) because my cousin was working . two years ago in a friends in the house of a friend of the family . and I called her and I . I asked if he knew some family for working there and she wrote to the family and they . they called me 
1: (mhm) 
2: they phoned me sorry and I went there and I would like to come back the next year because .. I'd like very much  
1: (uhu) how long did you stay there 
2: two months 
1: two months 
2: yes 
1: did your English improved 
2: yes perhaps   
1:   
2: because . I didn't speak so much before I was . ashamed 
1: (mhm) 
2: and when I went there I had to to speak English because 
1: of course  
2:  I need to communicate with with other people and 
1: was it difficult with the family did you know a lot of English when you first 
2: no is no no no not difficult but: because they: they speak very slow and 
1: (mhm) 
2: but at the end the they spoke quick  fast because you have to learn English  
1: so what exactly did you have to do 
2: I have to: to mind the children and . the housekeeping too I have to: to iron to do the ironing and . to clean the house no not cook the mother of the family would cook and . the most important thing is to mind the children 
1: (mhm) (mhm) and and did they pay you 
2: yes (mhm) they pay me only fifteen . no fifteen fifty pounds per week but  they give you the: a bed and the: and the food so it's <start laugh> very important <end laugh> because everything is very expensive there so 
1: did you have the weekends free 
2: yes but some weekends they were: they were out with their friends and the Saturday nights or Friday nights I had to stay at home with the children but . usua I usually sta I usually go went out with my friends and 
1: (mhm) and who were your friends English friends or 
2: I had Irish friend and Spanish friends and also Italian 
1: (mm) 
2: Italian friends 
1: and how did you meet them 
2: in the: school . I went a school there and . I met 
1: to teach you English 
2: yeah there I met French people Italian people Chinese people Japanese people and Spanish people and when we went out to the pubs for example we meet some . Irish people 
1: (mhm) and wha what do you think of the Irish life the pubs and everything 
2: it's wonderful   
1:   
2: yes they dri they drink  so much very much beer  the Guinness the famous Guinness 
1: did you like the Guinness 
2: yeah  and .. they are very nice because there are all the drinking singing dancing  
1: with the Spanish girls 
2: yes 
1: would you like to . go back there 
2: yes I would like perhaps the next summer 
1: (mhm) (mhm) 
2: I will come back 
1: but would you like to live in Ireland or: 
2: no I prefer living here because the weather 
1: (mhm) yeah   
2:   the weather there is all the time raining and no I don't like vey much the weather but 
1: to visit 
2: yes to visit or for stay for staying there . a year two years or months but not forever 
1: so when you think of Ireland what's the first thing that comes to into your mind 
2:  
1: what's what you remember the most  be impressed of Ireland 
2: the most the: the landscape 
1: the landscape 
2: yes . there's something magic there there are a lot of tales about . the: le the luc the lucky leprechaun the leprechaun is a little man who   
1:   
2: who: who is very lucky and he is supposed to give you luck 
1: (mhm) 
2: and . everything is is magic the they believe in the: fairy tale tales and  



<Part 2>



1: so . when you finish your degree what would you like to do 
2: I would like to work as an English teacher but I have to a: I don't know in English CAP is in Spain em: is a course of pedagogy peda pedagogy 
1: (mhm) 
2: I don't know in English (em) because when you finish you your degree you have to to learn how to teach to another people 
1: (mhm) 
2: you know 
1: teachers' training 
2: teaching training 
1: teachers' training 
2: yes 
1: (mhm) 
2: and when I finish I suppose I would hat I ha I have to do the: opposition 
1:  
2: opposition and I would like to: to work as a: English teacher in a secondary school for example 
1: (mhm) 
2: I would like for the university but   
1:   
2: it's very difficult 
1: okay . thank you very much 

