<h nt"SP" nr"SP004">


<Part 1>



1: okay talk to me have you ah . read over the topics yet 
2: yes yes . I have choose . I've chosen the . topic one 
1: number one 
2: yes 
1: okay  so . talk to me 
2:  so well . (eh) it has been about a experience that it happens to me this morning 
1: this morning 
2: yes 
1: well 
2: in the in the subway 
1: (mhm) 
2: ah I usually takes the the train 
1: (mhm) 
2: the <foreign> La Renfe </foreign> 
1: (mhm) 
2: to come to the university but they are on strike so . I've chosen the . the subway to come to university . and it has been a . (eh) well it's been a seventy seven old woman . very old woman . (em) he was sitting on a . well on the places that there're on the train 
1: (mhm) 
2: and . (eh) I don't know why . well I have sit by herself . by her . well by her side I don't know  . and I have sit . (eh) by beside her and . I don't know why one of of . another woman who was sitting . in the other side (eh) has starting to talk (eh) with her to te to her about (em) . I don't know I don't know exactly . but I have sitting in the other side so she was in the middle . the old woman 
1: (mhm) 
2: and . the old wo the old woman has said there's a . another old woman (em) . stand . (eh) and <foreign> dice </foreign> do you mind to to if (eh) she sit down and I've said yes of course I don't mind and . that's was the thing . but then when the the old woman . I don't know if I'm if you're following me 
1: yeah  
2: more or less 
1: more or less yeah .   go on 
2:  well . when this the second old woman has (eh) left . and I have sit again in the other . in the same place 
1: (mhm) 
2: and the old woman has started to talk about (eh) his life . well her life 
1: (mhm) 
2: and she has said that he he's (eh) she's seventy seven years old . she's working . she has no so daughters sons she's not married . and she has to work . because she has to pay (eh) . his flat or her flat or whatever . and he cannot stop working because he need that money . and . it has been very impress for me because (eh) . it was she was a very very old woman I mean yes the old woman that we we s see here in Spain with a little . I don't know how to call it . <foreign> moño </foreign> in . and all with (eh) . in black . and . very old woman . I don't know how to explain it . very very old and awkward . and she seems like for a . I think she has said she she comes from Toledo something like that . so she's not from the capital . she's not a . an urban person 
1: rural 
2: yes . and . the ha she has impressed me . very much . I don't know why because she has said a lot of problems that she had had . in all her life and . and she's still working so . I don't know but it has impressed me very much . what she's still working with seventy seven 
1: right 
2: years and . she's doing a great effort . and she's working and doing everything better than . than you and me .that we are . just . young (eh) youngsters 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  than than her . and it has . well . it has teach me something . I don't know her . her strongness . and her .. it's a bit very  
1: did she tell you . she was talking to you telling you about her life 
2: yes yes 
1:  and you don't even know her 
2: no no . I've I I didn't know her 
1: wow 
2: yes . I have seen . I've seen a wom . m more times in the . in the subway 
1: (mhm) 
2: but . the same that you see a lot of people and you don't you don't talk with anybody 
1:  yes 
2:  cause you're always reading or something like that 
1: right 
2: you don't usually talk with the . with the subway . there's a lot of nuts . <begins laugh> and then <ends laugh> you prefer not to . 
1:  
2: not to establish any conversation . anyway 
1: well . that's sad 
2: yes . that was sad . I don't know how to say it but . (eh) she has make a . a life a: 
1: impression 
2: yes .. she was . she didn't have sons daughters . and she ha she has also said that . (em) it's possible that she didn't finish . (eh) to . to pay the: the flat that she is buying by now . so . I think she's working . but she didn't know well she doesn't know when (eh) . he can't (eh) left work or she can . be out of work . with seventy seven years . I think she has worked a lot .  you know all her life 
1:  it's really sad 
2: yes . it seems very sad . ah (eh) she has said also that . he didn't receive any payment or any salary from the government because she has . never . I don't know how to say <foreign> cotizar </foreign> . and so she doesn't have any . (eh) social secure or something like that . so she has to work to survive 
1: wow . that's bad 
2: yes . 
