<h nt"SP" nr"SP008">


<Part 3>



1: well I'm gonna show you ah four pictures 
2: (mhm) 
1: and if you can just tell me what you see . what if you wanna make a story with the four pictures  that'd be great 
2:  okay ... okay I suppose . this woman is a model or something . and the man who is a painter is . painting a picture of her . and I don't think she: likes it quite much . in fact her hair is different . at least in one of the pictures .. and I don't think she is her at all . she's quite  different 
1:   
2: no it's different faces . but my beha then there's some exhibition of the picture . which she's very proud of . although it's not her   
1:   
2: and the people they'll go and watch it . and yeah they may like it . probably . she is explaining (eh) the way he painted it and . what she had to do . and . I don't know she seems . not very happy . anyway ... although . in the picture she . she does .. and .. (mm) the house of the painter . it's . quite like a painter's house I think . with many colours and . any everything . and .. well . they might be friends or something . he may be . her boyfriend even and he may have asked her . to . play the model for her . for him . so ... I think that's it 
1: <laugh> 
2: <laugh> 
1: do you think she is satisfied here with that  other painting 
2:  no not at all I don't think so . even though it is the picture that most reminds me of her 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  more resembles her 
1: (mhm) 
2: she might not be quite happy with herself   
1:   
2: with her face and her hair .. and . as I said this one is a . totally different girl  
1: what difference where are the main differences 
2: oh the hair and the nose and the eyes and the lips and the shape of the face and ... even the dress  .. so 
1: facial expression 
2: yeah . (mhm) 
1: what do you think the painter is thinking of picture number two 
2: ah I think the painter is .. ah .. he knows he: this picture . is the one that most . ah shows the reality 
1: (mhm) 
2: although . he has to change it so as to . kept the girl . happy 
1: (mhm) 
2: because she doesn't like it at all 
1:  
2: and now I suppose this is what happens when someone takes a . paints a picture of somebody  <laugh> 
1:  (mhm) 
2: and he or she doesn't like it .. he probably makes the painter change it so slightly change it so as to . be another person 
1: (mhm) 
2: but ... 
1: what do you think the grin he has on his face in picture number three is saying 
2: the 
1: the grin 
2: (uhu) . ah . maybe that he knows he is painting somebody else .  not her 
1:   
2: but he knows . he is making her happy  
1:  (uhu) 
2:  or .. yes 
1: or what did the the friends . or these ladies here are thinking 
2: or probably they're thinking it's not you   
1:   
2: it's somebody else . but if she's so happy as to showing them . I don't know . they might be saying oh yes it's looks like us ex exactly like you 
1: (mhm) 
2: he is a very good painter 
1:  <clears her throat> well . where . 
