<h nt"SP" nr"SP025">



<Part 2>



1: and she's coming back 
2: yeah she's gonna come in . July I think  I think 
1:  and for good 
2:  we don't know it's something we: we have to wait and .. because (eh) (eh) Ukrainian government he: he used to to change (eh) his laws its laws (eh) . sorry it's laws (eh) . like (mm) every three or four months so you never know 
1: is she an orphan or 
2: yeah yeah 
1: she's got no parents 
2: she has parents but: 
1: (mm) 
2: let's say they are not really good parents so 
1: yeah 
2: (eh) now she's in orphan how do how do you say 
1: sorry 
2: orphan . orphan .  the place where they 
1:  orphan orphan .. orphanage 
2: yeah the  orphanage . so she's there now and .. (er) it's I mean it's more difficult now because now she's like like they used to call the children (eh) sons and daughters from the state so . it's really difficult to: to: bring them back I don't know .. but we're trying and we don't know if it's gonna be for two months or for: 
1: yeah 
2: the rest of her life we don't know because they are used to change the laws so . we only have to wait and  until <indistinct voice> 
1:  that's very very nice that's very nice I like that okay . (em) and . do you have you even gone have you been in Ucrania 
2: no never . never never never . I want to but my mother: says that . no no it's better if you stay here because I know you and if you're gonna be there . from you arrive you're gonna be really sad and because . you go there and you see a lot of children and you really want to bring  all of them back 
1:   
2: so . not but to Spain so . it's better if . if I stay here at least that's what my mother said so 
1: right   
2:   we've never been there . never 
1: okay have you travelled do you like to travel 
2: yeah I love it   
1:  yes 
2: yes yes 
1: have you travelled . where 
2:  (eh) I was (eh) in Holland . I arrived on Saturday 
1: oh   
2:  yeah I was there for three months  and 
1:  wow  
2: yeah  I was studying with the: Erasmus programme . and . well it was <begins laugh> nice <ends laugh> . it was was really really really really nice .. and yeah I came back in on Saturday . and (eh) two years ago I was in Sweden .. and it was also fantastic too cold for me 
1:   
2:  <begins laugh> but <ends laugh> it was it was fantastic . yeah .  and 
1:  and Holland is cold too (eh) 
2: yes . yes but less than <begins laugh> in <ends laugh> in Sweden but yeah it was cold .  it was cold 
1:  (mhm) 
2: yeah it was raining well it's raining (eh) the whole day and . windy and . but the the place is nice 
1:  yeah 
2:  and we were in Harlem and it's a small small town and  it's like 
1:   
2:  really cold 
1:  how about (em) the people 
2: I like them . yeah yeah . but (eh)  I don't know if the rest of the people is the same as me but (eh) when I arrive (eh) Holland . I . I had a: a . an idea in my mind about (eh) Holland because there 
1:   
2:  usually they are used to say that Holland is like the you know the . free land and things like that . but it's not as that . it's it's not like that it has the rules and . it it's better . it's better because it's not like free land you can do whatever you want .. no . you can do whatever you want but 
1: yeah   
2:  inside the law the law so yeah but I liked it it was so nice and . yeah .  it was (em) 
1:  okay and (eh) what about university what are you studying 
2: here 
1: (uhu) 
2: yeah I'm studying (eh) for being a teacher but in a in English language . and .. yeah it's good 
1: do you like it 
2: yeah 
1:  yes 
2:  yeah more than at the beginning . because at the beginning it was like . okay (eh) I want to be a teacher but I don't really know in which (eh) speciality so .. (eh) yes and now . yeah I'm happy . yeah because it's better than . I though before 
1: do you work or 
2: (eh) I was (eh) in my practice period in in the first and second year . no the second and this year 
1: yeah 
2: two years  
1: yeah 
2: and (eh) yes yes I like it 
1: yes  (eh) 
2:  I like it 
1: what's your age . your 
2: I would like to do it in (eh) maybe: thirteen fourteen years old but I was doing it in . ten . from ten to: twelve years old . yeah <indistinct voice> yes but I do prefer when they are thirteen or fourteen 
1: older 
2: yeah older yes  because 
1:  oh . that's strange  
2: yeah yeah   
1:   
2: everyone used to say the same but . it's because (eh) in my opinion you . it's easier to have a a really sensible communication with (eh) . when they are older 
1: (mhm) 
2: that's my opinion . because when they are ten or twelve they only want to play and (er) they're always like running around the class  and 
1:   
2: <begins laugh> it's difficult <ends laugh> but yeah . but it's it's good it's good really  yeah 
1:  (mhm) and . are you going to work next year . or not 
2: yeah I hope so   
1:   
2: yeah I hope I hope I want to start in September with all these courses start . but I don't know if I'm going to continue studying I'm going to continue studying another thing or: I don't know  
1: if you continue studying what  would you study 
2:  well . mayb I don't know the the . the name in English but (eh) here we call it <foreign> Traducción e Interpretación </foreign> . it's like (eh) to learn more languages and to be a: . translator 
1: yeah yeah . translate 
2: yeah . that's it . so . that's what I I want to study . yeah because I like languages so 
1: (mhm) . any more languages you know . apart from English 
2: I know (eh) something about French 
1: (uhu) 
2: and (eh) well little sentences in other languages but  <begins laugh> that's not so important <ends laugh> 
1:   
2: no but I know French a little bit and 
1: what hobbies do you have . do you 
2:  I love reading 
1: reading 
2: yeah  I love it 
1:  (mhm) what do you like reading 
2: (eh) 
1:  what type 
2:  normally I used to read (eh) history books .. I love  history boo 
1:  that's strange too   
2:  yeah  yeah maybe I'm a little bit strange 
1: no I think yeah it's different 
2: yeah  <begins laugh> it's very different <ends laugh> 
1:  better . better 
2: yeah but I love history and . when it's (eh) a history book when it's some . something (eh) I mean not real . it's good because you enjoy and you learn and . yeah .  I love it 
1:  so you like reading . and learning  
2: yeah yes that's it  at the same time 
1:  
2: it's easier .  yeah 
1:  (mhm) . what type of history do you like 
2:  . I don't care . I love any (er) all I mean from . medium age until  nowadays . I don't care  just history  and history and history 
1:   okay any other hobby . apart from reading 
2: I like (eh) I love riding horses 
1: oh you ride horses 
2: yeah it's (eh) well it was a long time since I don't do it but . I I would like to do it again . because I love horses  
1: do you have a horse 
2: no   
1:   
2: I don't have anyone but . one of these days .. I'm gonna to be . I know that . and . what more . what else I don't know . I enjoy reading riding horses . dancing . yeah . yes dancing . I was dancing when I was child like (eh) ballet classic dance and . it was good it was nice but now I don't dance any more 
1:  
2: just on Sundays Saturdays and Friday in discos  and things like that 
1:   
2: but it's not the same  so 
1:   
2: no it's okay 
1: (uhu) anything else . cinemas . no 
2: yeah I like to go to the cinema but . it's not something that . that I really love . so 
1: (mhm) 
2: like hobbies hobbies no 
1: yeah okay   
2:   
1: do you do anything else collect something or 
2: (mm) 
1:  no 
2:  no . no I no when I was 
1: history books   
2:  yes  I've got a lot of history books . no but no nothing else .. no I don't do it   
1:   okay I won't do it I wont ask you . 
