<h nt"SP" nr"SP024">


<Part 2>


1: oh you have a Swedish boyfriend 
2: yeah 
1: (eh) that's nice   
2:  yeah  also different 
1: he speaks Spanish 
2: no . no 
1:   
2:  we: have to talk in English mainly . I'm also learning . Swedish but . my Swedish is not enough . yet . I mean just couple of sentence and . you know some words and . verbs but it's like so basic  by now 
1:  how . how often do you see your boyfriend 
2: (mm) . okay . we saw . in . last summer . then on . September . he came on Christmas . I went . there on . ah Easter holidays 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  and . next time . it's gonna be like . on September October . he's coming up here . so 
1: he's gonna come here 
2: yeah .. but it's . really tough because . we only have like . chats . though internet or 
1: yeah 
2: sometimes calls . S M S  but it's really . hard because . you know it's so long time and it's . well it's not very far . I mean it's . you know  because it's still 
1:  close 
2: Europe but it's you know we don't have enough money to  pay a flight so  
1:   
2: we still live . very long . away . but . it's okay 
1: and you have to . (eh) what about you going there you . too cold 
2: ah . yeah in winter it's cold . but . in fact . right now you . see here in Madrid it's raining it's like . ten degrees or something like that and there it's . sun shining and it's about twenty degrees so . it has no very sense  it should be colder 
1:  that's good 
2: yeah . that's not fair  
1:  . okay . and (em) . okay let's talk a bit about your (em) . life at university okay 
2: okay  yes 
1:  tell me about your .  life at university 
2:  ah 
1: is it good 
2:  yeah 
1:  you like what you're studying 
2: yeah I think it's quite interesting 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  and it's . good in the way that . you only have to study . and not <begins laughs> worry about <ends laugh> . you know works and all that stuff . and now that I'm . finished and you know . applying for jobs for next . term and all that stuff and I start to be quite worried and . stress because . I've been . I mean I know I've been studying many years . and . I hope I can  be a good 
1:  how many years 
2: ah this is my second degree so right now four years 
1: four years 
2: (mm) . but I don't feel enough ready to: teach I mean that sometimes I think about and . next . year next autumn I'm gonna be teaching I'm gonna have like . twenty-five or  thirty children 
1:   
2: right there in front of me looking at me and it's like <screams> 
1:  
2: I don't know . it's . I feel not ready I mean I think I need to know more . even . than I know . and 
1: experience 
2: yeah  maybe 
1:  will show you 
2: I hope it's gonna be  enough  
1:  yeah . yeah . first year will be tough 
2: ah thank you   nice to hear  
1:  but . second year will be: like oh  
2: okay  so  
1:  no okay . you learn . from . you learn from your own mistakes 
2: yeah . I hope so   
1:   
2: but sometimes 
1: are you're going to work in a private or . public 
2: ah private probably 
1: centre 
2: because public you know you have to do that . exam 
1: yeah 
2: for doing that and it's quite hard . and I don't feel like continue studying 
1:  
2: <begins laugh> anymore <ends laugh> right now . maybe later on if I see that . I don't like very much . private ones or 
1: (mhm) 
2: also I . it's like . because maybe . I mean if it works with my boyfriend . probably I'll go to Sweden . so it has not very sense . to start do that . exam and go in a . public school if I'm going abroad 
1: yeah . if you travel too much yeah 
2:  so 
1:  no like it doesn't make much sense   
2:  exactly  so we'll wait and see . anyway 
1: (mhm) . and what about life outside of university . what do you do what do you like to do your  hobbies 
2:  oh yeah . I like very much cinema 
1: (uhu) 
2: and I try to go . always to see . in original version 
1: oh that's very good 
2: yeah . but . well right now I think it's starting to be more . cinemas that it has original version . but it's not very . easy to find friends that want to watch that  kind of movies  
1:   
2: because no it's . easier just go and sit down and . understand everything and you don't have to read . anything  any kind of subtitles . so . and we are not used to do that . because you know . everything is translate on in tv and . everywhere in cinemas . so . it's very .  but 
1:  and where do you go . when 
2: the cinema 
1: yeah the cinemas in original version 
2: well (er) . most of them are in the centre 
1: (mhm) 
2: in the city . there is one in Princesa . there is . there is many . but it's all around the centre mostly 
1: (mhm) . and what movies do you like best 
2: I like independent movies I think . Europeans . are really good . and someones from .. South Africa and . sometimes .  but it's a 
1:  that must be difficult 
2:  yeah 
1:  in the original version   
2:  yeah I mean yeah you really have to: read the subtitles because sometimes it's ah like they talk in . Chinese or 
1:  
2: you know Arabic and it's like . you really couldn't have . get anything  .. I saw one it was from Canada . the Canada one it was . really nice . anyway I have to read the subtitles  because it was too much for me 
1: what's the name of the movie . d'you remember 
2: I don't remember it was like . four years ago but  I remember it was 
1:  oh 
2: really nice I was because (er) . you know sometimes you go and . it's like okay lets go to see that one and you decide it in the last minute . and finally when you g when you: go out from the cinema you are really surprised it was like 
1:  
2: wow what it was in the end   it was really good in fact 
1:   . you have any other hobbies 
2: ah okay yeah I like . travel basically 
1: travelling 
2: yeah it's like 
1: where else have you travelled apart from Sweden 
2: (em) . I've been in France and ah . Italy . England some  other times 
1:  (mhm) 
2: I have family there 
1: oh 
2: yeah . but it's nothing to do with my English I mean <begins laugh> I still <ends laugh> . need to learn English 
1: but you have family 
2: yes 
1: that are British 
2: yes . but they know quite good Spanish so  it's not good for me . because I always . speak in Spanish . also I've been in . Switzerland . and: Denmark . Sweden . Portugal . I've been also in Canada 
1: (mhm) 
2: I've never been in the States . but we were almost going  and: . I would like to go to Indian . next .  but 
1:  India I've been in India 
2: (mm) I think it's really nice . did you like it 
1: yeah . it was okay . I was very young but 
2: (mhm) 
1: I mean 
2: because sometimes when I talk to that about my with my friends . they're like oh but there is many people . poor people there 
1: yes .  be prepared  
2:  and . yeah I know it's gonna be like that but it's the only thing people thought about and I think it's too much . many things to see I mean apart of  that 
1:  yeah of course 
2: I mean you've culture and religion and 
1: (mhm) 
2: you know it's . so much different . I think I like  to 
1:  yes 
2: go to places that it's . different from . here 
1: yeah 
2: the mentality and the way to 
1: (mm) 
2: that we are 
1: I recommend Australia   
2:   well I didn't know I consider you like a stranger there is so much difference 
1: it's very very . very far away   
2:  yeah exactly I <begins laugh> think that's the point <ends laugh> .  that it's too much 
1:  okay . 

