<h nt"SP" nr"SP006">


<Part 1>


1: my name is <first name of interviewer> 
2: (mhm) 
1: what's your name 
2: <first name of interviewee> 
1: <first name of interviewee> . have you read the topics 
2: yeah 
1: have you (em) chosen one 
2: (mhm) yes I've chosen the first one 
1: okay . you wanna talk to me about it 
2: an experience . sorry 
1: you wanna talk to me about it 
2: (mhm) that's right . yes well about an experience which taught me an important lesson 
1: (mhm) okay 
2: well it wasn't very long ago . it was like . a month or two . and it was when my boyfriend's grandmother died 
1: (mhm) 
2: okay . so she was more or less old . and but you wouldn't expect it because although she was old she was okay we didn't think she was ill or anything 
1: right 
2: and so when we were at home and they phoned us and they said she had died . so we went there . and the funny thing is that . they had their family divided into Spanish people and . (eh) Italian 
1: (mhm) 
2: half their family is Italian . so they phoned everyone in Italy and everything so they would come and . have the . funeral and (eh) and all that 
1: (mhm) 
2: so then the . well when all the family came . there are seven . the grandmother had seven children . but now they are big .  of course 
1:  right 
2: but . she had seven so four of them are in Italy and three here . they all got reunited and they had the funeral and all that . and the thing is that why didn't (em) mark me in a way . is because . after the funeral . you're supposed to be sad and all that's what we are used to 
1: yeah 
2: but the thing is that (mm) when we all went to the house . when the grandmother had died and after she had been buried and all that . they were so happy . couldn't imagine . they weren't happy because she had died but . they were happy of having all of them . together again 
1: yeah 
2: since they are in Italy and . they don't see each other a lot . so they were all really happy . remembering things often when they're small . when their well their children . well grandchildren were all there . I was there too though I wasn't from the family . and they were all singing and . really funny . it was  something that really marked me 
1:  yeah 
2: and they . made me think well . death is normal . and we have to accept it and . although it is really hard . to overcome all those things . because it does . people can still laugh and be happy . so .  that's it 
1:  (mm) . that's a different way of putting it  
2: yes it is . it is weird . we never see: those kind of things . or hardly ever 
1: wow . so they weren't sad at all because she died  
2: well . of course yes they were sad . in a way they did cry and all that .  but 
1:  okay 
2: what was really funny was that . well one of the sons . of this of this person 
1: (mhm) 
2: (eh) when he was young . when he was twenty . or eighteen I don't know . he used to compose songs 
1: (mhm) 
2: and play them with his . his brothers and sisters  and the guitar and they sung and everything 
1:  (mhm) (mhm) 
2: so he found them because he has been in Italy for so long 
1: (mhm) 
2: and then when he came back . he went back to his house . he found them somewhere in his . when where it had been his room . he found his songs and oh look look what I've got here 
1: oh 
2: and they all sang and everything 
1: it's nice 
2: it was really nice definitely 
1: so how long was it before they had seen each other 
2: nineteen years 
1: wow 
2: since they haven't been all together . well . I know that the parents of my boyfriend went to Italy to see their brothers and take him back but . to be again together the seven of them . hadn't been since the death of his fa of their father 
1: it is always the death moments  bringing them together 
2:  yes . yes they did say that they said . isn't it funny we only . get together for deaths 
1: wow .  that 's different 


