<h nt"SP" nr"SP043">

<Part 1>
1: your surname 
2: (eh) <family name> 
1: can you spell that 
2: C A R R I (er) <spells family name> 
1: okay and your first name 
2: <first name> 
1: <first name> how old are you 
2:   (er) nearly twenty one well twenty 
1: nationality 
2: Spanish 
1: er: place of residence 
2: Alcantarilla  
1: native language 
2: Spanish 
1: your: mother and father's language 
2:  Spanish 
1:  Spanish also always spoken Spanish 
2: yeah
1:   yeah okay okay read this carefully and then choose a topic 
2: I think topic one 
1: (mhm) 
2: topic one 
1: what experience have you had 
2: yeah th the experiences th the one I had . my ex-boyfriend 
1:  
2: I was (er) going out with th the guy and (er) when we were together like one year I said and he told me he was bisexual 
1:  
2: and well I really . was shocked but I said well we are in the twentieth century 
1:  
2:  I I want to be modern 
1: (mhm)  
2: so he's bisexual but now he's with me loves me and I went out with him . to realise that er: I just couldn't get on it is was unbearable 
1: (mhm) 
2: he he was like you know it's very difficult because he was looking at the same time to girls and boys and you say wow yeah in Spain we say he liked fish more than meat   
1:   (uhu) 
2: and now fro well fro from that experience I've learnt that (er) the thing you have to do is . follow your own your own heart and don't don't reali realise no  don't relay on your expect expectances of bow how you are or how you are not so you have to: to: well I'm forgetting all my vocabulary 
1:  
2: well to: to: no to: not accept things as I as they are and try to change them I think 
1: why did he take so long in telling you you were a year together no 
2: yeah because maybe well maybe it I don't know but maybe because he hadn't realise before 
1: (mhm) 
2: or maybe because he was a pain in the neck  
1: okay  okay 
2: yeah 
1: what do you think  about (er) about for example gays getting married and everything 
2: well 
1: what do you think about that cause they leave it so late to tell people 
2: the thing is that (mm) . they hurt people . he hurt me so well now I realised I didn't loved him like I love me boyfriend 
1: (mhm) 
2: that it's quite (er) quite difficult because first they have to accept themselves the situation and then they don't have to try to to hide it 
1: to hide it 
2: because they hurt other people 
1: (mhm) 
2: no: (er) (erm) the thing is that .. however (er) hard they try to to hide it people always realise is . your  mother . knows you'r you're gay 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  even  even if you don't tell her .. she's it you know it's something noticeable 
1: do you think society (mm) forces them to hide their  do you think it's difficult for them 
2: yeah it's difficult but first they have to  learn to to to to be responsible for what they are 
1:  responsibility (mhm) 
2: you can be gay but you're still a person i if you feel ashamed of yourself then people won't accept you 
1: why did you choose English as your degree 
2: well it's I . I began to learn English when I was four or five at school well oh my mama told me well piano or English and I said oh no piano no thanks 
1:   
2: English and as well I liked it it I feel capable of . speaking in a language that my parents didn't know and so it was something exciting . just because of . of many people didn't know it and 
1: (mhm) do you know many: British people 
2: no not really 
1: no have you ever met them 
2: yeah Erasmus students here 
1: and what are they like 
2: well well I  don't have a very good opinion of the English but 
1:   no why they are cold 
2: yeah too cold and too you know how do you say in English <foreign> prepotente </foreign> 
1: presumptuous 
2: yeah 
1: but not the Welsh the Welsh are different  
2: (mm) suppose well I like Irish people I met yeah because English people 
1:  Irish there's a difference . to myself 
2: above all people from London they are really nasty 
1: yeah 
2: irritating  
1: to be the  capital no 
2:  yeah yeah yeah 
1: and I suppose like Madrid and 
2: yeah  
