<h nt"SP" nr"SP021">



<Part 3>


1: all right I'm gonna show you some pictures okay .  this is the last 
2:  okay 
1: last thing . you have to do . okay I'm just going . these are some pictures . and . it's a story . it's in order . okay . and you just tell me in your own words what you think is .  is going on 
2:  it's happening 
1: what's happening yeah 
2: okay on the first picture I think .. you see there is a: woman that goes there to make . so no there's a man drawing . making a picture of her . she's just standing there . and the man is just looking at her and painting and drawing her face . on the second picture it's this woman that's looking at the picture that is already finished . and it's I don't know what sh maybe she's saying . that she doesn't like it or I don't know . her face looks like that 
1:   
2:  that she doesn't like it . like they we they're arguing or something like that . on the third picture .. it seems like (em) . he's . making the picture again . he's redoing the picture . and like he's . not drawing her . her f her . hair is different and . I don't think he's really . drawing her . he's just drawing another he's just drawing another woman just to make her happy . and on the last picture (eh) she's showing the picture to all her friends . and I think the friends are just staring at the picture like . that's not you because it doesn't  . it's completely different the . the woman that appears in the . on the picture is much . prettier than . than her 
1: what differences do you see in  the picture 
2:  the hair . the eyelashes the lips the nose everything is different 
1:  
2: even the dress is different 
1: in what way 
2: the what . the dress or the 
1: everything .  more or less 
2:  everything she she's much the the one in the picture is much nicer and . prettier 
1: (mhm) 
2: yes .. and 
1: I don't know th the size of the things nose  what 
2:  (mm) yes the the the eyelashes are like more straight the eyes are like more . s smaller .. (eh) the nose is like more thin . the lips also .. yes . it's mu much prettier than her and the hair . the hair it looks like she's come out from . hairdresser . yes  
1: yeah 
2: it's not really her 
1: yeah what do you think the painter is . is he happy or d'you think he's 
2: well when on the second picture when they're she's arguing about . what he drawed .. I don't think he's happy you know . not at all . and then on the third picture he I think he's just thinking okay . if you're not happy with the one I draw that that's you . that's yourself the one I draw before . let me draw another woman 
1:  yeah 
2: yes  
1: d'you think that she's self-confident . she's a self  confident woman 
2:  (eh) . no I don't think so . I don't think so because if not she wouldn't been arguing . about the picture because . the the on the second picture you can see that . that's her . the one that on the picture it's really her . so I don't think she's go a lot of self con self-confidence . no she . I think she wants to be . she's not happy with herself and she wants to be prettier than what she is 
1: yeah 
2:  yes 
1:   
2: I think so  
1: and what do you think her friends are saying in that moment . what do you think the words  the exact words 
2:  well maybe they're not saying anything 
1:  
2: just not to get her upset but I think of course they'll . it's obvious that . the one on the picture is not her so probably the . three of them are just thinking . if you're happy with that picture . that's fine but that's not you 
1:  
2: yes . I say you but they probably are thinking . about her . self-confidence too 
1:  
2: yes .  yes 
1:  that's great . well we're gonna stop  okay more or less 
