<h nt"SP" nr"SP035">

<Part 1>


1: okay your surname 
2: <family name> 
1: and your: first name 
2: <first name> 
1: how old are you 
2: twenty 
1: and your nationality 
2: Spanish 
1: and your main place of residence 
2: Murcia 
1: Murcia .. and: your native language 
2: Spanish 
1: and your: mother and father native language 
2: Spanish also 
1: you've always spoken Spanish at home 
2: yeah 
1: <whispering> can you sign 
2: here 
1: (mm) site ... okay . can you read this 
2: okay 
1: in your head . and then choose a topic okay  to talk about 
2:  (mm) ... okay ... I think I could speak about er: . the first time that I went to England 
1: (mhm) the second topic 
2: (er) (mm) (er) it was like (erm) four years ago and then I: . it was in the summer I was there for three weeks I was in: I was staying in (mm) the vel village (er) called Lowestoft in (erm) Southeast . of England and (erm) it was (er) a nice village I met a lot of people there (er) English as well as Spanish and also German and French people I was there doing a course during three weeks I had lesson in the morning and then in the afternoon we had some ex excursions to: near villages there and we went also: we spent (er) a day in London and also in Cambridge and Norwich Cambridge was really beautiful I liked it very much and (er) . London also but it was very crowded 
1: (mhm) 
2: because (er) the day we went there it was er: the: the Queen's mother's birthday and it was very very crowded the we couldn't we could hardly: walk around there 
1: no 
2: we went to visit the: British Museum .. and National Gallery also and we were looking around there . so (mm) 
1: what impressed you mostly . what you visit to England 
2: the: I think it's a different way of (er) of living because it's very different the: . (mm) the time they wake up and the: the time they: go to bed is quite different from here th also the: . (erm) . meal (mm) times (er) and the importance they give to the: to meals they they have a very light lunch (er) which is different from here and er: then also the the houses (er) there were very few buildings very few blocks with flats it was o (erm) al almost everything: with (erm) er: houses on their own 
1: (mhm) 
2: and and (er) I I like it 
1: (mhm) prefer houses than flats 
2: pardon 
1: do you prefer houses than flats 
2: yes 
1: (mhm) 
2: yeah I like to have a: . a little garden just like there because here we we can't have in the flats 
1: (mhm) and er: what do you think of the: English people 
2: er: I think it's a fallacy that they are: er: you know very: that they are not (er) nice (mm) (er) there there are of course (er) not nice people like in everywhere because here in Spain er: there are also (mm) people which are not nice but (er) I maybe I was lucky when I went there and: because I met almost: (er) everyone . I met was quite nice to me or maybe because I was stranger or so 
1: (mhm) 
2: I don't know 
1: and er: what do you think of the accents . did you find different accents 
2: yeah (er) (mm) the accent I: I found in in this place in this (mm) village I went to er: was quite different they: for example they said play instead of player a different pronunciation of some vowels and and also: . er: o some some different pronunciations of some words which I found particularly difficult to understand them 
1: (mhm) 
2: after a few days . it was good 
1: (mhm) can you tell the difference now from: different parts of England 
2: not really 
1: no: (mhm) . and (er) would you like to go back 
2: yes 
1: (mm) where would you go back do you think 
2: I'd like to: go back to London or: or or somewhere near London because e the: this village was er: sort of three hours . by bus 
1: (mhm) 
2: in London 
1: (mhm) did you stay with a family or did you  stay 
2:  yes with a family 
1: and how were they 
2: very  nice 
1:  nice (mhm) 
2: yeah they had a: son which was (er) twenty years old . like me and (er) they had also a Russian woman there staying in the same house 
1: (mhm) 
2: so it was . quite nice coz we: we talked and (er) . we learnt different things about different countries  it was . nice (mhm) 
1:  (mhm) . it was good and what do you think of the food 
2:  not as good as here but 
1: (mhm) 
2: for three weeks it's .. it's not un unbearable 
1: do you think you could live (er) in England 
2:  I could try 
1: (mhm) 
2: yeah I think so it's just getting used to it 

<Part 2>


1: (mhm) okay . wha what would you like to do after you finish your degree 
2: I actually don't know 
1: no: what's your ambition 
2: that . I would like to: become an English teacher (er) maybe here at university but it's quite difficult I think . or maybe: I had thought about (er) studying translation after after I finish 
1: (mhm) 
2: or: . I don't know I 
1: do yo do you speak any other languages 
2: yes I speak French and I'm studying German 
1: (mhm) 
2: also 
1: where do you study German 
2: here at university 
1: you do the three . subjects 
2: no yeah (er) I do French (er) at the school of languages 
1: (mhm) and German  here English here 
2:  here (mhm) 
1: okay thanks 

