<h nt"SP" nr"SP037">

<Part 1>


2: <spells family name> . <spells family name> no no yes <spells family name> 
1: and your first names 
2: <first name> <spells first name> 
1: your: how old are you 
2: . I'm twenty  
1: twenty 
2: twenty . <starts laughter> I forgot <ends laughter> 
1: good female  no: okay what's your nationality 
2:  of course Spanish well yes Spanish of nationality 
1: (er) main place of residence 
2: erm: Molina de Segura ...mhm 
1: native language 
2: Spanish 
1: and your mum . and dad what do they speak 
2: Spanish too 
1: Spanish ... you've always spoken Spanish at home then 
2: yes at home yes 
1: okay ... can you sign there please 
2: sure ... (mhm) I can't  
1: okay I want you to read that 
2: (uhu) 
1: and then . pick one of the three topics 
2: but: you read aloud or just  for you ah okay 
1:  no in your mind  
2: topic two 
1: topic two 
2: yes it sounds interesting 
1: which country have you visited which has impressed you 
2: the United States 
1: America 
2: the: United . States 
1: (mhm) 
2: yes America I don't know life life is absolutely different is like yeah when I got there I thought you know my Spanish my  kind of Spanish and when I got there I saw a different kind of education a different kind of . of life in general maybe some high schools were not allowed any foreigner to come in because they can carry guns or something but also (mm) it well is not the same in both parts of US the USA I was in Boston and I also was in: Florida and in Boston was like more close people they don't well the don't kiss each other in nowhere in the United States so it was difficult for me because I'm a kisser person  so I I couldn't I was like hi and I didn't know what to do . but when I: when I was in Boston people where like more (er) calmer and (er) less less hyper not hyper but less they express less their feelings and in the South for example is more like Spanish like they are more like like hi how are you and all that but: I don't know is is absolutely different is like is like another world I: . I learnt I didn't I didn't practise my English so much because my family was . my family also speaks in Spanish so we we talked in both languages but I: I learnt a lot of slang . things . but is like 
1: was it an Erasmus or: 
2: no no it was to visit my family there 
1: you have family  in America 
2:  yes I have family in America in Boston and in Florida that's way I went for a holiday  to see them since I don't see them so often and so I could be . with them and: it was it was different but something than impressed me a lot in Boston there was a a monument called Holocaust that was about it had lots of numbers tiny numbers in on glass . like written on glass and it was all the numbers of the people of the Jewish people of the Jew people who died in: . (mm) by Hitler or  I don't know if it was concentration concentration perhaps Holocaust it called like that . the  same 
1:  (mhm) 
2: well the: the monument was called Holocaust too 
1: (mhm) 
2: and it was like all . it was impressive it was like all . you could see all the people who died and . underneath you could see it was like like . sh (mm) lines you you could walk on . on like it was lines of it looked it looked like . like metal something like that and you could see underneath and it was like burning things it was they weren't burning for real but they pretended to be and it was very very impressive 
1: (mhm) 
2: and well 
1: what did you think of the food 
2:  I I liked it a lot 
1: yeah 
2: I I I think I I came here with ten kilos more or something like that 
1: yeah  
2: I I lik I really liked American food 
1: (mhm) 
2: I really loved waffles you know what waffles are 
1: (mm) (mm) 
2: I love that I don't know if it's American or English or whatever but I loved them I wo I would would have a breakfast a waffle with (mm) with (mm) first butter but like margarine 
1: (mhm) 
2: there's one kind of margarine that's called I can't believe it's not butter 
1: oh yeah I have that 
2: and we put that and on top of it (mm) maple or: or corn syrup I I I I the first month I was in Spain I was back in Spain I was like where my maple syrup where is my corn syrup because I haven't find this in Spain 
1: no 
2: is just and they had this kind of we call it daily bread that is a bread you: is like thi this little and you put it in: (mm) in the oven is all done you put it in the oven and is done and you have . like little delicious things in the morning  
1: an and the people what do you think of the people 
2: well on the one hand they were not that much expressive they were like . in on the North for  example 
1:  conservative 
2: they were very conservative and that but . they we they were nice it's just a different way of understanding life . something that really impressed me is that for example my cousin . her best friend was her boyfriend because she never ask her what when she was sad or something and here our idea of best friends I think is that is is somebody who shares everything with you no who ask you: you know somebody who will ask you what happens and things like that 
1: on the contrary then 
2: it was just the other way around . there my . my cousin and her best friends they almost didn't well they talked about superficial things but they didn didn't usually talked about deep things it w it wasn't so so much a personal relation as we have in Spain for example 
1: (mhm) would you like to live there in America 
2: (er) no non for a long (er) a like for a year at the most but I wouldn't like to live for my whole life I love Spain I like being in Spain 
1: yeah what do you like about Spain 
2: I don't know everything 
1:  
2: I like I like the church I go to I like the people I know I love the university I love the university for real . (er) an and I don't know I love I love . everything that's in my mind that I can think about 
1: (mhm) 
2: about my life here I love it I missed Spain when I went there and I liked the USA but I was wishing to come back  
1: yeah it's always home isn't it 
2: yeah . yeah <starts laughter> that's true <ends laughter> 

