<h nt"SP" nr"SP024">


<Part 1>


1: okay hi . my name is <first name of interviewer> 
2: hi 
1: what's your name 
2: <first name of interviewee> 
1: <first name of interviewee> . okay 
2: easy one   
1:  and what what did you choose . for your topic 
2: I:'ll talk about a country or something like that it was . number two I think 
1: okay . don't worry about the numbers  okay 
2:   
1: okay country 
2: ah 
1: what country .  did you visit 
2:  okay as (eh) . I was (eh) . as Erasmus in Sweden . last year 
1: oh 
2: and it was . quite different . even if it's still Europe but . I think they are . little bit . similar . but it was different . not just because it was snow everywhere   
1:   
2: and very cold . also . for example . when you go in in a place . I mean not . a public place but . a house or something like that you have to take out your shoes . a little bit in the s . in the . in the front door . and that's strange because we don't do it here 
1: what language did you talk 
2: in Sweden 
1: yeah 
2: mainly it's . (eh) English 
1: (mhm) 
2: we also . learnt a little bit of Swedish but . you know just enough to go to shop  some breakfast and stuff like that and . a beer in a pub   
1:   
2: you know important things   
1:   okay 
2: and: 
1: what did you most like about Sweden . how long did you go 
2: ah three months . a . and: .. I really like that . they respect . quite much . the other ones . and . you feel it like for example in traffic I mean the bus . stop . when you have to cross . the road or . I don't know people when are talking I mean . it's just first . one person talk and <begins laugh> next <ends laugh> the other one it's not like here that it's . everybody trying to talk at the same time it's like  it's funny everybody shouting in the same place . and: . also I think . they are quite . equal about . rights . I mean they really show that it's . the same . people working . I mean the same as . woman and men . the same . works . and things like that 
1: (mhm) 
2: I think that's great because 
1: you like that best right 
2: yeah . I mean it was like quite . much . quiet and not  so much people 
1:  (mhm) 
2: also it was a . little to well little town it was a city anyway but  you know compared with Madrid it was . quite . nice 
1: (mhm) . did it show you . anything . so when you've come back because you're saying . people stopped and . people 
2: oh yes 
1: that (er) . it showed you 
2: (mhm) a lot 
1: it showed you an experience 
2: (mhm) 
1: right 
2: yes and . yeah . but the people . I mean you can talk when you come back and tell to your friends or your family . but it's like okay yeah . that's what . it could be . nice  if it happens here but .. I mean if I do it all s I mean it's . it cannot work because the rest of the people doesn't do it but 
1:  
2:  
1: everybody will have to go to Sweden to see it   
2:  yeah I think <begins laugh> so <ends laugh> 
1: what about the people do you think they are friendly 
2: yeah I think they are . in fact I have . very good friends and 
1: (mhm) 
2: and boyfriend also  so  
