<h nt"SP" nr"SP007">

<Part 1>


1: what's your name 
2: ah <first name of interviewee> 
1: I'm <first name of interviewer> . ah so have you read the topics 
2: yeah I have 
1: which one you choose 
2: I'm gonna talk about ah the film 
1: the film . okay 
2: okay . it has to be from two to five minutes right 
1: well you  just talk 
2:  okay 
1: don't bother about the time 
2: okay . so I'd like to talk about American Beauty 
1: okay 
2: have you seen that 
1: (mhm) 
2: and I think it's just . fantastic fantastic film . because it deals with . (em) American society . in a way that I think it's really new 
1: (mhm) 
2: for (em) American film making . because usually we get . the big Hollywood films . where everything is great . and everyone is happy . and here we confront to the family who has really . real problems a real difficult problem . and I think it's just beautiful . I really liked it a lot 
1:  
2: and I really like Kevin Spacey I'm so glad he won the Oscar  a couple of days ago 
1:   yes 
2: and . I I don't know . the other actors . I really like . the young ones I think they're great 
1: (mhm) 
2: and you have the contrast between . the usual . American . girl . you know the character played by <name of actress> 
1: (mhm) 
2: who is perfect . and makes everything . but then if you really look into her you can't find anything at all because it's all . a facade 
1: (mhm) 
2: and then you have the other two which are freaks according to society but then there we have a lot at it a lot to offer 
1: meaning the other two .  the friend and the boyfriend 
2:  meaning . yeah what was her name . (em) Jamie I think 
1: yes  <indistinct voice> 
2:  Jamie and . Rickie . I think 
1: forgot the names .  
2: oh really . I mean they're really weird people  you . if you think of it 
1:  yeah 
2: but (em) . I think they're more . developed as characters . than the other girl 
1: what do you think of the plot 
2: (em) . I was really shocked . by it . especially the end 
1: (mhm) 
2: because . but there is quite big end I think . I'm I'm referring to the . the homosexual . neighbour 
1: (mhm) 
2: who is always saying . horrible things about homosexuals and then turns out to be homosexual himself 
1: (mhm) (mhm) 
2: and I think it's quite common in the army . I think 
1:  yeah 
2:  or so I've heard 
1: (mhm) . yeah . I've heard the same 
2: but then . and it's really . cause actually I I I really loved it . but it was really . depressing in a way 
1: why 
2: because .where are we going to 
1:  
2: you know . what are we doing with our lives 
1: (mhm) 
2: it's like . are we all going to end up by him . because when he . finally was happy . he got killed .. but then 
1:  that's sad 
2:  I don't know . has to be hope somewhere <begins laughs> I don't know <ends laugh> 
1:  . let's see what else about the movie did you like 
2: what else . (em) the music was nice 
1: (mhm) 
2: especially the . the songs 
1: (mhm) 
2: that was from the sixties or the seventies 
1: (mhm) 
2: that was really nice . and: . I don't know . it's just the setting and everything 
1: is there anything that you didn't like 
2: (em) okay let me think .. no really I can't think of anything I didn't like . but I didn't like (em) . the . the I didn't like the actor played . remember the real state king . the one that has an affair with Annette Benning 
1: (mhm)  (mhm) 
2:  there's something weird about that guy 
1: yeah 
2: maybe the . (em) white dying in his hair <begins laughs> I don't know <ends laugh> 
1: it was different . weird character 
2: yeah 
1: it's just over all 
2: but . apart from that I really liked it all . but some people don't like it 
1: yeah 
2: I think that with this film you we get people who . absolutely love it and people who hate it 
1: (mhm) 
2: and that was I was really shocked . because it won the academy award because . I . wouldn't believe . I couldn't believe it 
1: (mm) I don't know . I mean . I mean it's a different sort of movie but . I wasn't sort of impressed by it 
2: no 
1: just because . I don't know it's not different to me 
2: no 

<Part 2>



1: I'm from New York  from the United States 
2:  ah . ah 
1: and . I don't know it's  just . 
2:  I guess that the films that . the American films that we get here 
1: (mhm) 
2: are . you know like the big blockbusters .  and maybe we don't get 
1:  okay 
2: films that  you have in New York 
1:  okay 
2: mean I've seen other films like Mallrats and all the ones by Kevin Smith 
1: (mhm) . (mhm) 
2: but you know the ones that we're used to . is really different . (eh) take Titanic . and I loved Titanic . but it's so different 
1: yeah definitely 
2: and I was the a that was what shocked me . and I really really liked it 
1: that's good 
2: but ah . what do you do in New York 
1: what do I do there . (em) I actually go to school right now 
2: (uhu) 
1: and . it's upside New York . so .. it's plain and simple . just go to school . I I'll go: . I live in the school 
2: (uhu) 
1: It's on campus 
2: yeah 
1: lessons . so . I'm just studying 
2: and what are you studying 
1: I'm studying . (em) . an interdepartmental major between business and government . and two minors in Spanish  and international affairs 
2:  (uhu) . that's tough  
1:  what are you studying 
2: <begins laugh> English Philology <ends laugh> 
1: what are . what do you hope to do in the future 
2: I don't know I have no idea . people ask me this all the time and I go . okay I don't know . no next year I'm going to go . you know there are Erasmus scholarships that you can get 
1: (mhm) 
2: and I'm going to go to Scotland 
1: nice 
2: for one year so I'm really . I'm really . you know I want to do it . but the thing is I do know that I'm not in the . language section . I'm more for literature 
1: oh yeah 
2: freak 
1: oh so are my feelings 
2: yeah . because . if you were interested in languages and things you can do . you know corpuses like these and investigation but . not really in to that . I mean . I want to do it just to help . but not . to studying 
1: have you been abroad before 
2: yeah I've been . ah I was in Ireland . for five summers when I was like thirteen . then I go to London . quite often . and then actually I was in New York . in . in Christmas holidays . and just loved it . it is is so great 
1: you kind of have a British accent has anybody told you about it 
2: I know yeah I know it 
1: <laugh> 
2: the thing is I can I kno I can never decide which accent to pick 
1: <laugh> you get to pick 
2: yeah it's horrible because . like . I watch Friends a lot okay . so by the end I'm watching Friends I'm like . talking . kind of an American way . but then I go and sort of no you're British <laugh> 
1: <laugh> 
2: so: I don't know it's . the thing is . yeah and then I go away . like when I go to Ireland and things . and I get I pick that accent and I come back and like okay 
1: it's nice how you you have the ability to pick  like other people they just 
2:  yeah but then I'm really messed up when I start talking in one and then I  <begins laugh> continue with another one <ends laugh> 
1:  <laugh> 
2: but (em) okay 
1: that's nice 
2: I don't know . so have you come here on with a scholarship or 
1: no it's actually a programme that . is pretty much like Erasmus only that . it's just two schools in the US that have the programme here so you take classes at this university and then we take classes through the programme that we come through and it's .  it's good it's very nice 
2:  which college do you go to 
1: I go to Skidmore College 
2: yeah, cause last year I was I went to a party with people 
1: oh yeah 
2: who came from Skidmore College yeah 
1: okay . have you ever been have you never been  abroad and 
2:  no cause a girl gave me the e-mail and things but then we never got in touch again 
1: what was her name maybe I known her  it's just a small campus 
2:  ah Aby . Aby something . she's like . tiny . well not tiny . <begins laugh> small <ends laugh> 
1: how long ago was this 
2: this was a this was a year ago . and sort of blonde hair . I think it's blonde . dyed 
1:   
2:  <begins laugh> <indistinct voice> faked blonde <ends laugh> and and glasses but . yeah she came from Skidmore College . and then there was another one . (em) . I don't know . think we went we took her to a party didn't you have a party welcome 
1: (em) 
2: in . because you hav you have classes at this institution  in Madrid 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  I think in the centre of Madrid 
1:  (mhm) (mhm) Recoletos 
2: yeah Recoletos . didn't you have a party there 
1: the (er) do you mean the exchange  party unit 
2:  (uhu) 
1: yeah 
2: yeah 
1: do you have an exch a penpal  this sort of thing with anyone 
2:  no no I didn't sign up for it this year . do you 
1: yeah but I don't know who they are 
2: <begins laugh> no . <indistinct voice> <ends laugh> 
1: I think I was my other friend's <foreign> intercambios </foreign> 
2: yeah 
1: like . in my case it didn't like . they never wrote to me and I never wrote to them well I wrote to one of them but I never got to reply 
2: yeah 
1: so I just left it at there I don't know 
2: and do you live with a family or 
1: yeah 
2: are you okay  with it or 
1:  yeah they're really nice with me I love them 
2: yeah that's great 
1: it's a really good experience 
2: that's great 
1: all right we have like some more minutes is there anything you'd like to add about anything it doesn't have to be about the painting because it's pretty much that everything there is  pretty much 
2:  ah no about . you want to ask me anything 
1: ah it's 
2: I don't know 
1: it's .. 
2: yeah okay . is it really hot in the summer in New York 
1: oh yeah . you're asking me 
2: yeah . I'm asking you 
1: ah it depends . ah the last summer we had (er) . pretty . a dim warm summer 
2: (mhm) 
1: yeah but then it varies depending . summer to summer 
2: because I went once . I don't I can't even remember but I was very little I remember . the only thing I remember is my mum dragging me into shops because it was so hot outside 
1: (mhm) 
2: and then we went this in Christmas and so cold  where I was <indistinct voice> 
1:  yeah . yeah . definitely 
2: and we didn't we didn't go anywhere snowing and freezing and we got a nice spell . that all guys said this is nice  
1: yeah . yeah . yeah sometimes it's like really really cold really really cold or in the summer really really hot like it goes up to a hundred or something degrees .. that's horrible 
2: yeah . and have you ever lived in Manhattan or  do you 
1:  I live in Manhattan 
2: oh that's so nice  where do you live 
1:   I live by the <name of place> 
2: (uhu) 
1: that's right next to the <name of river> river 
2: that's really nice 
1: have you been down there 
2: yeah I think I went because we had this tour with <proper name> it's like a tour guide to  in there . and it took us around New York and it's I really oh I want to go there 
1: (mhm) 
2: but it was like my Friend's tour my mum was . there is no Central Perk is there honey 
1: Central Park 
2: Central Perk you know when there are . in Friends . do you watch Friends 
1: (mhm) 
2: you know the bar where they go 
1: (mhm) 
2: my mum was saying like we're not gonna look for that honey and I was like no no no  
1:  
2: it's a I do think it's a beautiful city 
1: yeah it is 
2: I really liked it 
1: it's a shame that some people that live there actually take it for granted . like 
2: yeah 
1: and day after day you really can't go on and appreciate everything you have just because  you're so involved 
2:  I was just walking down the street and saying . wow  this is so great 
1:  (mhm) 
2: and people were like just walking by  not noticing 
1:  they're used to it they're used to it they take it for granted 
2: but I think that happens in any city 
1: yeah .  definitely 
2:  cause when we go to Rome we like oh and the Romans just go past and 
1: yeah . even here in Madrid I'm sure you just disregard Cibeles 
2: yeah . totally 
1: I love it   
2:  yeah I was I went with a friend who made here a course in in October and it was at night in the Gran Via . and there's a beautiful building just when Alcalá and GranVía 
1: (mhm)  <name of building> 
2:  she said just look at that . isn't that beautiful and I said . I had never seen it because . you know you go to places and you 
1: (mhm) 
2: you're not sightseeing and you miss loads of things 
1: (mhm) 
2: and <foreign> la Plaza Mayor </foreign> 
1: (mhm) 
2: I had a friend a French guy who came . a friend (em) last week and we went to Plaza Mayor and he said god this is so beautiful and I said (mm) just the Plaza Mayor  
1:  
2: okay  do you have enough 
1:  wow long time 

