<h nt"SP" nr"SP002">



<Part 1>


1: well my name is <first name of interviewer> and your name is 
2: Paz 
1: Paz 
2: Paz yeah 
1: or Pat 
2: yeah 
1: ah have you selected the topic yet 
2: yeah topic two . because it's easier . so well 
1: go ahead talk to me 
2: I would either talk about (eh) the US or Britain which are the places where I've been to 
1: okay 
2: (eh) 
1: you can talk about both if you (eh) like 
2: yeah okay I can compare both  
1:  
2: (eh) well I've been to to US three times . (eh) I was I went to the Midwest . (eh) well I had a a good experience over there I was working there 
1:  nice 
2:  in the tickets department of a . (em) water park . and well I think I . I improved my English very much over there 
1: that for me sound really good  <laugh> 
2:  <begin laugh> thank you <end laugh> and well in Britain is different because well like two weeks ago I went there to  to London and Cambridge 
1:  (mhm) 
2: with a couple of friends from Spain 
1: (mhm) 
2: and well I found out that there are no Englishmen in in London . seriously . everyone's from Spain or France and Tur Turkey or . well I I only met like a couple of Englishmen who who were born there  in . like 
1:  right 
2: but the the people I met were there just for one month or a year or something like that so I don't think it's a good place to learn English it's very cosmopolitan and you . can have a very good time there . but like something else I find better in America is the . the wages . like you you get more money over there . than in Britain and everything is cheaper . compared to to  <indistinct voice> 
1:  definitely 
2: well and . well it's like the . the positions you can get in . in the States are better too . I believe .  at least for me 
1:  (mhm) 
2: and well and also . (em) people in America for me are opener than in Britain . like last summer I went to Chester in in England 
1: (mhm) 
2: and .  I don't know I didn't make any friend at all 
1: (mhm) 
2: and though was . sad because . when I went to the States like . I I met lots of people and . you know . still I'm still in touch with some of them so . it's sad . and what else can I say about . these two countries 
1: how long were you in the United States for 
2: sorry 
1: how long were you in the US for 
2: (em) the the first year for two weeks the second year for (eh) t four months and the last year for two months . and Britain just for a month and the last time . two weeks . more or less . well I I suppose I can't compare because I haven't been for so long  in Britain but 
1:  right 
2: like my experience is that . I . it's obvious that I prefer <begin laughs> America <end laughs> 
1:  
