<h nt"SW" nr"SW042">


<Part 1>


1: topic   
2:  okay 
2: .. I really don't know if it was it was in . I got i I wa I was very impressed . parts of it I think it was (eh) . we were last year we were in Germany 
1: (mhm) 
2: I studied Germany last year . (eh) German .  last year 
1:  (mm) 
2:  here 
1:  yeah 
2: . and then we went on this <breathes in> trip to Hamburg <foreign> und </foreign> Ber Berlin 
1: okay .  how long how long for 
2:  (erm) we were one week first we were w one week in . Hamburg and then we went ba went by train to Berlin and we were there for about five days and . then we went back to Hamburg and was there and we were there for . one week and then we got home  
1: okay 
2: went home  .. and it was . I I I I still remember it very clearly because of it must have b im make made an impression on me . I think  
1: (mm) 
2: and we had (eh) a very tough sched schedule 
1: (mm) 
2: we . we had to get up early in the morning sometimes at six (eh) six . at six o'clock . and we had (em) . we went to . different meetings . we saw (em) . a police officer who told us about the crime situation in Hamburg . and (er) when then we went to . I think it was immigrants' office or . and they told us about the immigrant situation in Germany and Hamburg and Berlin . and we went on a boat on . Elbe .. and: we saw the 
1:  that's a river is it 
2:  environment (mm) it's the it's a very big river in Hamburg 
1: (mhm) 
2: and in Germany  or . and (er) we saw the environment situation with all the pollution and: . what it does . to the: en . environment 
1: so was it an organised trip  then 
2:  (mm) yes it was it was very or very or very very organised  
1: who was it organised by  I mean what was the purpose 
2:  er... it was the purpose to get to know not to talk . German but to learn about German . Germany . (er) how the . situa how the country works you could say 
1: and was it organised by the university 
2: (mm) Jürgen Hering perhaps you know him he's 
1: (mhm) yes 
2: (mm) . and I think it was the the university of Vänersborg . also we were two .. two universities two classes . and we were went together 
1: okay 
2: so I think they had something to say about . the program as well 
1: (mm) 
2: and then we visit the: university . in Hamburg we were there for . three days I think 
1: (mhm) 
2: . and participated in classes and so on it was .  funny but . not to talk but to listen  
1: yeah . yeah 
2: .. yes and 
1: were you impressed by: . t I mean you the these different situations you saw the education and the  immigrant situation 
2:  (mm) 
1:   what was what was 
2:  and (er) I think 
1:  your impressions 
2:  we had we we (eh) a guy took us round Hamburg and . first he show us the really posh . stores and with . clothe with . co that cost a fortune and then just . maybe fifty metres from from there we saw people who were in injecting . heroin or something so it was very <breathes in> and all this . it was . he showed us very much . the: opposites . of th and that was that was something that was . I wa I wasn't used to . I haven't seen that before and there is . a lot of drugs and . it was so open 
1: (mm) .. so was that a difference with Sweden 
2: I think so I I I think so . and there were a lot of homeless people I don't you don't you don't see that . many homeless people in Sweden 
1: no 
2: you see them but you . but there bu it was l they were living in the . in the subways ...   
1:  (mm) . were the were there any any other big differences with Sweden 
2: I think the universities too because here we in Sweden we are very punctual . we come at the time 
1:  (mm) 
2:  and they in . the classes the people came . perhaps . fifteen minutes too late and then they w stayed for about . a quarter . and then they left left 
1: (mm) 
2: and people went in and ge got got out just (er) w the peer teacher just . talked . he de he didn't mind  
1: oh 
2: he just he (er) he was happy to the people who stayed perhaps  so that was perhaps the ... the punc the punctuality  perhaps 
1:  (mm) 
2: .. I think 
1: that's strange though I imagine Germans to be very punctual  yeah the stereotype I imagine 
2:  (mm)  really (eh) (uhu) . some people are maybe not the students I don't know  
1: and Berlin what about what did you think of  Berlin 
2:  (mm) well we also went to (eh) we had this (eh) . guide who took us in . East Berlin and West . West Berlin she showed us all the important buildings and . it was extremely hot it was very very <foreign> warm </foreign> warm it was . I think it was . thirty five 
1: oh dear 
2: . thirty degrees or something  and then we also . one day we went to Potsdam 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  it's (er) . a city not far away from Berlin where there are this big castle <name of castle> where . Frederic the second .. a big .. king some  way back in the history  and we it was . magnificent houses with gold on the . roofs and different statues in gold and .  and we just visited the 
1:  wow 
2: the: the guest house and it was like  a castle  the guesthouse it was like really really big and it was two stores high and .. that roof it was . mosaic  in in the in the in the in the f in the <foreign> vad he </foreign> ceiling and 
1:  yeah 
2: and the walls it was paintings and . it was magnificent 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  and this was just it was just a guesthouse  
1: was it kind of a youth hostel or more more expensive than a youth hostel 
2: more more more it it wasn't it wasn't in use it was a . museum 
1: oh right 
2: (mm) . and we had a guide who took us and she was very you you have to walk . on the carpets you cannot walk on the floor and you have to stand in line and . because they were really caref because the people had been visiting this . house so much that it had . it had gone run run down 
1: oh yeah .  yeah 
2:  so they were they were . they were af afraid that it would . not be that . nice anymore so we had to walk in line on these tiny . carpets and we had these . f shoes so <sniffs> (er) . shoes on so we we didn't .. harm the floor or  something 
1:  oh yeah .. you get the same thing here when I went to (erm) . Tjolöholm 
2:  (mm) 
1:  here . Tjolöholm 
2: (mm) 
1: the same thing when you go went in you had to put like plastic  shoes on 
2:  (mm) exactly 
1: and you feel very stupid 
2: and no pictures (er)  . you had to buy the pictures you cannot take your own pictures 
1: okay 
2: photographs  .. but it it was it was very nice and then we . had this guide in the rose garden it's a very very big garden with roses and much very beautiful flowers and . other houses that . this king built . one was inspired from China the other from . Holland and then it was his house it was very big 
1: was it like a castle  or 
2:  (mm) it was like (eh) maybe not with with towers and things but it was very big yellow . house and it was (eh) stairs leading up to . the house and fountains and it was very (eh) magnificent 
1: (mhm) 
2:  so it was . but it was very warm that day too . I think . and we didn't have any water and we had to walk this . f . we had to walk a very long distance and I think I maybe was hallucinating something or (eh) the the wind was like this . it was very it was very warm 
1: when was this .. when did you go there 
2: it was (er) in May . to 
1: this year 
2: no last year 
1: oh right 
2: May . I think we . yes I think it was . maybe the whole . fourth May to . twenty-eighth May or something 

<Part 2>



1: and what about (er) languages German you s you o obviously studied German  and English 
2:  (mm)  (mm) 
1:  what what are the differences there or 
2: you mean (er)  ta 
1:  how how do you find talking English compared to German 
2: it's much easier to talk English but maybe that is because I've studied that . so much more . and maybe if I studied German . more I've . but I I find it difficult to s to speak German it's much easier to understand what someone . says and read and write .. but I ha I haven't been to Germany so much so .. perhaps  if I were went there and . I learned the language . but it's .. it's a bit difficult to sp . to speak .. 
1: (mm) 
 2: English is . easier  but th that . but that is .. you have studied it . I have studied it much longer and you have it all around you in Sweden on television and music so . I think it's . is quite obvious that 
1: yeah . yeah .. what about the grammar because (er) the German grammar system is  quite . complex 
2:  (mm) .. if it's (em) no but it's it's very easy because . if one . if you have a paragraph for a say .. like (er) . something a grammar a grammar rule . then it is like that .. there is rarely any exceptions but . and then you have . the English and you have a lots and lots and loads of ex exceptions  that you have to learn 
1:  (mm) 
2: so German is . easier . perhaps 
1:  (uhu) 
2:   in grammar I think 
1: okay 
2: but there 
1: once you know all the rules 
2: (mm) . perhaps because it it it's very .. it's it's it's very stable . grammar system maybe and English has a lots of .. exceptions and .. I think . that's that's easier but . then (erm) .. German has . lot of (erm) .. different .. (er) .. other systems that doesn't exist in Swedish and English anymore they have l 
1: okay 
2:  I can't really explain  
1: like (er) the different cases 
2: yes  exactly 
1:  or the accusative and  dative 
2:  and (er) I don't know . <foreign> konjunktiv </foreign> 
1: okay . yeah 
2: I really don't know what it's called in S English 
1: the conjunctive 
2: conjunctive okay it wasn't that  . so that that is really difficult to know when you're supposed to use 
1: subjunctive  sorry 
2:  subjunctive 
1: subjunctive 
2: I I think so yes  that's that's difficult to .. to know when you're supposed to use it because it it's very . they use it very often in . Germany c . subjunctive 
1: okay 
2: and you don't do that in Swedish or English .. that much 
1: in Spanish cos I I learnt a lot of Spanish  and that's the same 
2:  (mm) 
1: .. problem 
2: you  have that too (eh) . (mm) 
1:  for an English speaker because they use a l the subjunctive a lot 
2: (mm) 
1: which is totally 
2: exactly   
1:  totally bizarre for a .  if you're speaking English 
2:  in Sweden you only have .. in Swedish you only only have it in in old . set phrases 
1: (mm) 
2: and .. that is . you don't use it that much in Swedish .  Swedish 
1:  yeah (mm) it's the same in English 
2: (mm) 
1: yeah .. 
