<h nt"SW" nr"SW025">


<Part 3>


1: well well . right I'd like you to have a look at some pictures now and just describe what you can see in the four pictures will you please 
2: okay (erm) the first picture is (erm) . (eh) she's sitting model for him and he is painting a portrait of her <fiddles with the pictures> the painter is (em) is painting a portrait 
1: (mhm) 
2: and the second one is like where where she gives him comments on it I think ... she says what she wants to to be changed or something with it .. with the hair 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  maybe she wants the hair to be more  curly in the ends or something  and then the third picture is . painting it a bit differently .. and then s she shows it off to her friends in the fourth picture <sniffs> she doesn't really look like that  but 
1:   no  
2:  she wants to look like that  
1: yes 
2: <sniffs> 
1: (eh) do you like to look at paintings yourself 
2: yeah . I like more (eh) if you say like pop arts and stuff 
1:  (uhu) 
2:  like that . or where it's (eh) museums that have more of not just pictures maybe you get to hear music at the same time  and 
1:  yes 
2: that kind of stuff I like that 
1: do you have sort of reproductions of paintings on your wall at home 
2: .. not at the moment . I just moved so  I  don't have any things on my w 
1:  (uhu)  
2: any things on my  wall  
1:  is it something you might put on the wall though (eh) a poster 
2: (erm) yeah I guess .. but not not like the ordinary stuff like you know Rembrandt or  anything 
1:  (uhu) 
2: like that because it's not really my .  type of 
1:  wh 
2: art 
1: what would you go for sort of more abstract  paintings 
2:  yeah . more like Andy Warhol or 
1: (uhu) (uhu) 
2: stuff like that and I have one one poster of it's a it is of Elvis 
1: oh  yes 
2:  a really big one when he's (eh) he has the guitar and it's black and white 
1: is it a photograph or a 
2: yeah it's a photograph 
1: yeah . (erm) . do you . go to art museums or galleries at all 
2: yeah I go  I I went more when I lived in London 
1: yes 
2: cos it's free and you can  go in there 
1:  that's right 
2: and if it's raining you can be in there  for  a couple of hours 
1:   
2: if you want to  I dunno what it's called that National Portrait Gallery or  something 
1:  that's right 
2: that's c that's nice I think  
1: was there (eh) (eh) a painting that you know you that sort of (em) . attracted your attention at all that you remember thinking . that was i it looks . that person looks very intriguing or 
2: (mm) ..  we went to went many times and they change (em) . the focus on (eh) different (eh) exhibitions and  stuff like that 
1:  that's right yeah 
2: but they have a j have have as well  when you're going to a room and there's a short video sequence 
1:  (uhu) 
2:  of (eh) like one person or something and that's I I like that kind of art  you know 
1:  (uhu) 
2: when it's more  you don't know what is going to happen and it's more that you remember it afterwards 
1: yeah yes that's right 
2:  
1: so how long did you live in London 
2: for two years 
1: and you were worked in you worked in the cinema all the time 
2: no   
1:   
2: I worked the first (eh) three months 
1: (uhu) 
2: and then I worked in coffee shops and (eh) . everywhere (eh) I  had 
1:  wh 
2: six different jobs 
1: heavens where did you live in London 
2: first year I lived in (erm) Tottenham 
1: (mhm) 
2: just by (em) Tunpark Lane 
1: (uhu) 
2: and then the second year I lived in <name of place> . which is south  east 
1:  yeah that's right did you like it 
2: yeah . (eh) when I went home I w I was planning to go back in just a couple of months but then I started to study and  now it's been two  years already 
1:   yes  
2:  I don't know  
1:  they're still waiting for you to return 
2: yeah I left a lot of stuff there as well 
1: oh dear . well it'll be there for you when you get back I'm sure 
2:  I don't think  so   
1:   okay that's  it 
2:  (mm) 
1:  thank 
2:  'kay 
1: you very much 
