<h nt"SW" nr"SW047">
 


<Part 2>



1: have you ever had your portrait painted yourself 
2: (er) no not like this 
1: . but like something else or what 
2: (erm) I was a a model for (er) <tuts> <foreign> kroki </foreign> (eh) you know the drawing in an art school 
1: really 
2: yeah . (eh) in the nude no clothes   
1:  so you had your portrait painted many times 
2: yeah but it's not like a portrait they sort of I had to stand in  different poses 
1:  a all right 
2: so they could see the anatomy sort of  how my 
1:  yeah 
2: neck went when I did like this and    
1:  is that (em) . <tuts> a very tiring job 
2: yes . cos you have to stand quite s (eh) for a quite a long time 
1: yeah 
2: and (eh) 
1: so it's a  bit 
2:  we 
1: tedious is it 
2: yeah but it was I dunno I kind of liked it  too   
1:   you did  
2: cos (er) it's a very strange  experience  
1: I'm sure  I mean 
2:  (erm) 
1: how do you get into that cos .  it's a it's there's a story there 
2:  I I a friend of mine went to the school and they wanted to have extra classes at night but they didn't have much money so she asked me if I could like volunteer to be a model just to try it 
1: all  right 
2:  and then they were very happy with me so they asked the teachers if I couldn't work there 
1: (uhu) 
2: a few times 
1: is  it 
2:  so I did 
1: is it normally well paid that sort of job 
2: well it's not bad . but I (mm) (eh) . I didn't work for . it's not like whole days  so 
1:   no    
2:   and sort of stand there eight hours like a  statue <end laughter 
1:  (uhu) 
2: but  it was okay I just did it sort of as an extra work while I was  student so 
1:  yeah  (eh) did you look at what they were doing I mean  th (eh) 
2:  yeah I d in the breaks  I sometimes did and I was like ah 
1:  were you . were you 
2: I don't look like  that  
1:   so it's not . it's not a flattering  experience 
2:  no not really no 
1: it's of course the quality of the artist 
2: oh yes . but it's also I mean they don't (erm) . like I said it's not a portrait it's just  (er) 
1:  yeah 
2: it's sort of to express themselves too and to (eh) I don't know it's (eh) . I didn't want to look too much  because    
1:   did you ever want to keep any of the paintings 
2: no 
1: or the drawings 
2: no 
1: you didn't want to say that's 
2: no 
1: that's so nice let  me put it on my wall 
2:  no  look so much like me no I was just like (eh) I don't look  like that 
1:  oh 
2: but (em) .. well it was kind of fun . I wouldn't do it now though that was years ago so 
1: (er) yes . do you draw or paint yourself 
2: no nothing 
1:  (erm) <tuts> what about y you know the idea of modelling . there's a debate about how they . you know they sort of manipulate   models 
2:  yeah: I read about that the other day in the paper 
1: (uhu) 
2: I think it's terrible because (er) .. I mean <tuts> . I .. for me I don't mind because I'm . aware that they do it  but I think 
1:  yes 
2: about young girls  like my niece 
1:  (uhu) 
2: and she's growing up and I'm like oh and she's always talking about <begin high pitched voice> oh look how thin I am <end high pitched voice> 
1: (uhu) 
2: she's nine  I'm like (er) she likes oh 
1:  yes 
2: but  
1:  yeah 
2:  she's she tells me I'm going fat  I'm like  (eh)  
1:  that's right 
2: (er) she's so . (eh) <tuts> conscious of what she looks like and I think she's still a child so 
1: yeah 
2: I think that affects . (eh) especially young girls because they want to look like the pictures they see but .  they're not even 
1:  so y 
2: real 
1: you think these adverts have an impact that people don't just look at them and think well that's just a picture . do you think they have an impact on .  the way 
2:  yes 
1:  people 
2:  I definitely think so 
1: (uhu) 
 2: may be not (er) .. I think it's more unconscious I mean y you keep seeing these images and  everybody 
1:  yeah 
2: is so perfect all the time  so it's 
1:  (mm) 
2: (er) . I think especially . yeah especially when you you . when you're young 
1: (mm) 
2: you're like in . a bit insure of yourself and you 
1: (mm) .. yeah . well . they spend a lot of money on advertising 
2: yeah they do . I don't know why they why they can't have real people like the way they  really look   I mean  
1:  yes  would you want to see would you want to see 
2:   
1: that though I mean . you know there is the glamour a aspect of it would you want to see real people modelling clothes . (eh) in magazines or would you think . that's not very beautiful that 
2: I don't know sometimes they ha some in some magazines they have like . well some companies like Lindex or KappAhl and these places they have people that look more .  normal 
1:  (uhu) 
2: than I mean if you look in Vogue or something  but 
1:  yes yeah 
2: but I mean .. I think the important thing is what they want to sell the clothes and not the person  that's 
1:  no 
2: wearing them 
1: yes 
2: and I mean if I feel that . if if they want to make me feel that I want to wear it then . I don't look like the model so  why 
1:  (uhu) 
2: why would I want to go and buy some flashy thing that they're wearing 
1: that's right  yeah 
2:  I mean it doesn't really sell . it's just the glamour part  that . (mm) 
1:  (mm) 
2: I want to be like them but 
1: that's right  did you hope when you were (eh) an artist model that thi this might be the beginning of a  of a brilliant career as a  
2:  no no no no not at all  
1: all right . that's it 
2: okay 
1: thank you very much 
2: thank you 


