<h nt"SW" nr"SW020">

<Part 1>


1: okay .. (em) I'd just like to have (eh) a little informal chat with you about things that are of interest to you . (eh) and . to get the conversation going I'd like you to choose one of these three . topics 
2: okay 
1: and think a little about what you're going to say .. (erm) <rustling of papers> so if you sit and think for a little m a little while and just . think about what you're going to say about one of those subjects and then we'll  you can talk (eh) for three or five minutes . three to five minutes . and (em) then we'll just have a little chat . about that 
2: okay I'll try 
1: one of these subjects <rustling of papers> 
2: okay <here follows a pause of forty-eight seconds> <clears throat> okay (em) . it doesn't really matter what ..  (em)  ... (eh) (eh) I could talk about a boo (em) a film but I don't rem remember what it's called in English . can I say it in Swedish 
1: .. well say it in Swedish and (eh) . perhaps we can invent a name for it 
2: (erm) .. it's called . 
1: try and  translate it in 
2:  li (eh) .. as I think it's called As Good As Good as it Gets  do you know what it is .. Jack Nicholson .. 
1:  okay 
2: Helen Hunt .. 
1: oh it doesn't make any di di  just ..  
2:  okay it's it's a quite good movie  (erm) which I've seen twice the last year .. (erm) .. <tuts> well it it's good because <swallows> it describes a writer . quite lonely quite lonely old man . (erm) . very . egocentric . who has another neighbour who's homosexual which he . who he doesn't really like . because he's a homosexual and he's different <swallows> and he's treating him very badly  and (er) this writer he's also (em) . he has a problem with (em) . germs . (er) he he can't use other people's  (eh) knives and forks when he eat he has to bring his own .. but anyway (er) .. he gets to know a woman who has a sick child . and . he: . becomes . with h no he . he helps her so sh she's sort of a: vai waitress at the restaurant where he eats where he go to eat and he helps her with her child so she can . serve him at a restaurant because she's the only one who can do it right . doesn't tolerate anyone else  and then they become friendly: and he falls in love with her and . he <swallows> he ... changes his personality quite . radically and he helps his homosexual neighbour when he . (er) get .. he gets into some sort of fight . with thieves .. he loses all his . he can't work and he so he helps him out he has this dog and he has to walk him <swallows> and it's actually quite good because . it shows .. it makes you happy when you see it because he's such an . awful man in the beginning you really hate him . and then he: <swallows> gets in touch with others who have more or less no they have less .  (erm) ...  I lost it . they have (em) .. <tuts>   (erm)  well he is a writer and he . earns a lot of money and they don't have a lot of money so he can help them out .. it really makes you happy when you see it because it's .. and it's of course it's Jack Nicholson he's quite a good  actor 
1:  (mm) (mm) 
2: .. okay ..  
1: so Jack Jack Nicholson: he's the he was the writer 
2: . in in the film yeah 
1: yeah yeah 
2: (mm) 
1: and: he's the one who changes 
2: (mm) 
1: yeah and becomes a nicer person 
2: (mm) very much nicer person 
1: ... (erm) so (em) . who played the part of the (eh) . the gay 
2: I don't know him at all . haven't seen him before . it's no one . famous 
1: no one famous 
2: no 
1: and the woman was: 
2: Helen Hunt 
1: oh Helen Hunt yes .. so did they was it a love story as well did they 
2: well .. I guess it was . but it wa that wasn't what the the movie was about . but in the end they e sort of ended up together 
1: (mhm) 
2: but that wasn't . sort of the main theme of the film in any way 
1: so the the theme was: that 
2:  <begin laugh> difficult <end laugh> but he's .. <swallows> I think they wanted to .. to say that .. you don't th (mm) (eh) you think you know things about other people how they are and how they act and why they . do things . but you really don't 
1: (mm) ... it wasn't about being gay and the problems  of living 
2:  no 
1: no it wasn't 
2: more like being different or .. 
1: just generally different 
2: I think so 


