<h nt"SW" nr"SW006">

<Part 1>



1: we're just going to have a little (em) informal chat  about 
2:  (mhm) 
1: things that interest you:  (erm) 
2:  okay 
1: and to get the conversation started I'd like you to choose one of the following topics .. and you can sit for a little (eh) minute or two just to think about what you're going to say and: (em) then we'll have a little chat about it for about . three to five minutes 
2: okay 
1: well you c you can tell me about it and then we'll have a little  chat about 
2:  right 
1: it afterwards 
2: okay 
1: so if you just choose one of those 
2:  <clears throat> ... okay I'll choose topic number one . an experience: I've had which taught me an important  lesson 
1:  (mm) 
2: that would be (eh) definitely my Up with people experience I don't know if you .[know about the organisation 
1:  yes: yes  I do yes 
2:  travelled for a year in the U S Canada and Western Europe 
1: oh wow 
2: and (erm) .. of course . there was a lot of singing  and acting and a lot of 
1:  (mm) (mm) 
2: travelling 
1: (mm) 
2: and I learned a lot about the stage experience the performing the technical aspects of it but . I think the thing that I usually bring up when I talk about it is (eh) . learning to: . to take something out of every moment  in my life that it's not ... 
1:  (mm) 
2: (em) being at an expensive restaurant in Paris that is: important but it's rather what I . what I make of it 
1: (mhm) 
2: what . that I . you have to: . see: the positive . aspects of . everything . every experience 
1: (mm) (mm) 
2: (mm)  what else can I say (er) I guess that .. (mm) I learned that . from . from being with a lot of different kinds of people . who were sometimes difficult 
1:  (mm) 
2:  and .. there was a lot of hard work and sometimes just wanting to get out of there and go back home <begin laugh> to my family <end laugh> .. but sticking with it and trying to see: what I could learn from it 
1: (mm) 
2: and also staying with (eh) different families we (eh) stayed in host families and (eh) .  some of those experiences were pretty  difficult 
1:  (mhm) 
2: and . I just had to .. sort of . be able to laugh . at the difficult situations be able to .. to see it a as something interesting: or something that was . difficult and maybe: .. very: uncomfortable at the time but a few years down the road I'm able to laugh at it I'm able to . to tell people about it  and it makes 
1:  (mm) (mm) 
2: a good story 
1: that sounds very interesting (eh) it because there's a it's a large group that travels  around isn't it 
2:  yes we were we were a pretty small group in fact that was more than one hundred  persons 
1:  oh as many as that 
2: and (eh) twenty of those were staff . 
1:   
2:  (eh) responsible for 
1: how do they at how do you . get into a thing like that how do you 
2:  I went to see a show  
1:  get the job  
2: a job (em) I actually paid to get to do it but I went to see a show here in Sweden  and (em) after the show we got the opportunity to (em) make an 
1:  (mm) 
2: interview 
1: (mhm) 
2: to (em) .. in order for them to see: if I would be suitable and  then: I'd get some 
1:  yeah 
2: forms some papers to fill out (em) . to show my motivation and my  
1:  yeah 
2: qualities 
1: do they have t I mean (erm) from what I can (er) gather it seems to: be: (em) . a performance I mean you're all singing or dancing or whatever so  that you 
2:  yes 
1: you must be able to do that before in order to get . the job (er) .  or was there 
2:  well actually not everybody has to be able 
1: something else 
2: to  perform 
1:  (mm) (mhm) 
2: I: sing and I cou I could . participate in that aspect of it  a lot . 
1:  (mm) 
2: but we also have of course other sort of . performers and (em) .. also the marketing 
1:  yeah (mm) 
2:  part of it has to be done there are people that are mainly interested in marketing . mainly interested in the intercultural .  part of it 
1:  (uhu) (uhu) (mm) 
2: it's called actually . it is an educational programme  and that has to do with not 
1:  (mhm) 
2: only . being educated and . performing perf form ming arts but also to learn about other cultures  and .. to: 
1:  (mm) 
2: learn to be: active and 
1:  yeah yeah 
2:  and take initiative 
1: oh I can imagine that you learn a lot on (eh) . a whole year 
2: yes: 
1: doing it a whole year yes yes . so you're all sort of portioned out to different families as well 
2: yes: 
1: yeah 
2: there are always people going . travelling ahead to a city in order to (er) get host families 
1: (mm) 
2: and in order to get sponsors and . make sure that all the facilities are in order 
1: yeah 
2:   <clears throat> 
1:  how long did you stay with each family 
2: between: .. (erm) between two nights and . seven nights I would say 
1: so that's a lot  of different families 
2:  the average stay was two or three 
1: yes 
2: three nights  I would 
1:  yeah 
2: think 
1: gosh 
2: yeah  
1: you must have been really tired after that year 
2: yes  <begin laugh>  very tired <end laugh> 
1:    yeah yeah 
2: hard to get  back to  
1:  never want to do any performing or travelling again  
2: ooh I'd love to  
1: you would  you would so it hasn't frightened you off 
2:  yes I miss all that 
1: it  hasn't put you off 
2:  no but 
1: no 
2: perhaps (eh) I wouldn't want to do it in this extreme kind of situation 
1:  (mm) 
2:  cos it was: very strenuous: was both (eh) psychologically and and physically 
1: yes I  can imagine 
2:  it was working days from seven to . one  at nights 
1:  yeah (mhm) ... seven in the morning to one o'clock at night 
2: yeah 
1: ooh 
2:  well not every day but  if there was a show day 
1:  (mm) 
2: we'd have to .  set up 
1:  yes 
2: the stage 
1: yeah oh that sounds  tough 
2:  (mm) . everything 
1: really . you'd have to rig the stage 
2:  yeah 
1:  as well yeah 
2: do all of  that 



