<h nt"SW" nr"SW045">


<Part 1>


1: all right . (eh) you've chosen topic number two 
2: yeah 
1: (eh) and you want to talk about England . were you working there or studying there 
2: I did . the B course level . at the university  in Brighton 
1:  all  right 
2:   
1: so you stayed there for a whole term 
2: yeah 
1: what was that like 
2: . (er) it was . it was good (erm) . most of the time but I got a little bit (eh) bored . cos Brighton is quite small when you spend s 
1:  yes  
2: like . three months that's enough 
1: (uhu) 
2: but it was nice 
1: (uhu) 
2: it was first I moved away from home but now I'm back again  but it was nice like 
1:   all right  
2: to . feel the difference and to take my responsibility 
1: (uhu) 
2:  
1: so it was your first time away from home 
2: yeah (eh) and longer t a longer time 
1: (mhm) 
2: I've been away like . two months or something before  but never  
1:  all right  were you staying with a family in Brighton 
2: no . w friends . I met them there .  Swedes 
1:  (uhu) 
2: and we e-mailed before  so (eh) 
1:  (uhu) . so you had a little flat that you shared 
2: yeah or a house   
1:  all right . that must have been very nice 
2: yes it was a little bit shabby  but   
1:   was it  
2: it was  nice 
1:  <clears throat> 
2: it was nice to live with people of the same age 
1: (uhu) . what did you like about Brighton and what did you dislike about Brighton 
2: I liked the weather . it was nice and  it was 
1:  (mhm) 
2: warmer than it's here  at this 
1:   yes  
2: time of the year and it was nice that you could go to the store or . downtown and you didn't have to wear that much clothes all  the time 
1:  (uhu) . (uhu) 
2: I disliked that it was quite small . (er) 
1: you mean the s . the place itself 
2: yeah and (erm) 
1: <clears throat> 
2: I didn't like when all the tourists came 
1:  no 
2: but I   2: 
1:  why was it . busy everywhere or something or 
2: there were a lot (eh) like (erm) . fifteen-year-olds on a language course 
1:   yes  
2:  and they don't really behave that well when  they're  outside  their 
1:   no  
2: parents' supervision 
1: (uhu) 
2: (mm) 
1:  did you tend to meet a lot of English people or was that difficult in a place like Brighton 
2: it was it was kind of . it was pretty easy to li meet English people but since I . lived with fi we were . five Swedish girls  it was . 
1:  (mhm) 
2: pretty much . Swedes 
1: yes .  yeah 
2:  and then when s one of the girls got an English boyfriend 
1: (uhu) 
2: she spent a lot of time with him and then his friends started coming over  so 
1:  all right 
2:  . then 
1: did you notice any big differences in the way young English people think and behave . compared to Swedes 
2: no . I don't think so not really but like sw think that Swedes react to . like filth and  stuff like   that 
1:   yes  
2: when it's garbage lying on the streets and stuff  they don't 
1:  all right 
2: see that  since it's normal 
1:  no 
2: but . on the other hand we don't see what's normal in . Sweden 
1: (uhu) 
2: so 
1: so they didn't have sort of different attitude to (eh) . work or studies or . enjoying themselves 
2: well (erm) . one example per perhaps not very . good but  (er) 
1:  (uhu) 
2: they were well . very open to li drugs and stuff like that 
1: were they 
2: yeah 
1: (uhu) 
2: and . in general and when you went out to a club . yo you could see that most people were high   
1:   heavens 
2: and you don't see that in Sweden at all 
1: no . no . so drugs were readily available  . would  you say 
2:  very . yeah it was always someone coming up and offering you stuff so 
1:  (uhu) 
2:   really easy and cheap I suppose but in Sweden it's . very forbidden you don't  talk 
1:  (uhu) 
2: about it and . I d you don't see it that much  I don't think so 
1:  no 
2: so that was a shocker 
1: yes I bet . what about on the campus (eh) the students did you meet many English students at the  at university 
2:  no . (eh) . we we met them like casually perhaps like I did (eh) I joined a: kick-boxing club  cos I've done 
1:  all right 
2: kick-boxing at home  so I like that 
1:  heavens 
2: and (em) . then I met a lot of people there .  who I talked to 
1:  (uhu) 
2: but otherwise you don y <breathes out> that was . a bit . the downside . cos we spent all the time in Swedish class with English teachers  but 
1:  (uhu) 
2: still in a Swedish class so I m everyone spoke Swedish to each other 
1: yes yeah 
2: and we didn't really get to know any other students  it would have been good 
1:  (uhu) 
2: if we d had been like integrated into (eh) another program or something 
1: (uhu) . 

 

