<h nt"SW" nr"SW047">


<Part 1>




1:  signal . all right  right you've chosen topic number two you want to talk about a country that . you visited . recently or 
2:  yeah 
1:  that impressed you 
2: that's right cos I . I went to Malta 
1: all  right 
2:  and it was a really really nice place I didn't know very much about it before . I went there . just that it was very small and it had been . belonged to: Great Britain for a long time  and 
1: yeah 
2: it's . was very fascinating with so much history 
1: yes 
2: just to see . the old buildings and just (eh) . we went on this guided bus tour where . the guide told us very much about everything we saw on the way 
1: (uhu) 
2: nearly everything had to do with some historic  event or something 
1:   yes I see  
2: and it was so beautiful it was like 
1: (uhu) 
2: it's so small so you practically see the sea everywhere and it's . <tuts> well the houses are built in this . sandstone I think it is  so it's kind of 
1:  (uhu) 
2: this . beige colour . so it's very light everything 
1: are people very English there would you say  or British 
2:  (erm) 
1: or 
2: that's wh so fascinating it was . a bit of everything .  cos 
1:  (mm) 
2: sometimes I felt like I was in England because there was so many English people or British people and there were like British pubs and 
1: (uhu) 
2: and (eh) you could get fish and chips everywhere and  stuff like that 
1:   
2: but then  it was also like . (er) southern Europe very much  cos I li 
1:  all right 
2: I lived in Spain for a while . so I got reminded of Spain as well 
1: (uhu) 
2: I don't know that (eh) maybe the mentality m more and . things you get could get in the store everything like that it was just 
1:  (uhu) 
2:  so much . and . then it was a bit like (eh) the Middle East because of the colours and of I mean even the: . the features of the people  looked a bit Arabic and the language too was so weird it was like 
1: there is a separate language 
2: yeah Ma Maltesian  I think it is 
1:  and . is that spoken everywhere I mean you hear that  spoken everywhere 
2:  yeah they have all the signs are in in both in English and in Maltese  Maltesia 
1:  (mhm) 
2: I dunno . what it's called 
1: and what sort of language is that  do you know 
2:  it's (eh) the g the guide on the bus told us it was it's sixty per cent Arabic 
1:  heavens 
2:  and then the rest is (er) . I think (er) . English and . and Romance language something like that it's it's from Latin mostly 
1: so there's nothing really you understand  (er) 
2:  nothing nothing at all it's it w it sounded so strange (er) 
1:  yeah 
2:  it was . one minute it sounded like Italian and next it was like Arabic and . but they don't have they don't h write in Arabic writing they  write  
1:  all right 
2: sort of our letters so . but it was impossible to make any sense of what we read  on those signs  
1: does that mean that people are mostly bilingual there 
2: yes 
1:   
2:  people could speak English everywhere 
1:  (uhu) 
2:  so that was also kind of . good when you come as a tourist to 
1: yes 
2: don't have any problem with the language 
1: (uhu) . (em) . it's famous for the Maltese cross isn't it 
2: yeah 
1: which is 
2: it's some  (er) 
1:  (em) . is that a: a knight  an order of the knight 
2:  yeah 
1:  or something 
2:  (eh) jo <foreign> johanniterordern </foreign> it's in Swedish  I don't know what it is in English 
1:  (uhu) . (mhm) 
1: and . is it basically an island for tourists or wh or do they do anything else did they grow anything or 
2: no it's it's basically: I think they're live a lot on tourism 
1: (mhm) 
2: because (er) and a lot of . and it's also (erm) . many people who live there they are: . they have like two passports they come from Britain but they also have a Maltesian . men they are like mixed .  marriages between Britain because 
1:  yeah . (uhu) 
2: I dunno if they have a special status or if it's just . that there are very many English people there 
1:  yes yeah 
2:  but (eh) 
1: (erm) . what about the you know the beaches and the sort of tourists resorts are they very sort of commercialised and (eh) 
2: (erm) no not where I was it was very: . I mean there were a lot of like restaurants and and pubs and well .. not entertainment really but it was just it was like this long . <tuts> (eh) you just walked along the sea and it was (eh) I was in this small place called St Julians and then . you just walked for like half an hour and then you were in the next place  called <name of place> 
1:   
2: and you didn't know where one st st[ended 
1:  all right 
2: and the other one started so . (er) . and there but there was more they had like a little harbour and then there we wer there weren't many tourists at all because I was there kind of off season  so 
1:  (uhu) 
2: but (er) 
1: can you eat . you know A Arabic food there . I mean as well as the fish and chips (er) 
2: (erm) they have Maltesian food they eat a lot of rabbit 
1:  really 
2:  and like and (erm) . what else yeah m ba m m m mostly rabbit that's their like traditional .  dish 
1:  and how is it cooked is it like in a  casserole or 
2:   I didn't try it  
1:   you didn't try it 
2:   so I don't know   
1:  no 
2:  
1: (uhu) 
2: but it's a lot of Italian food I ate mostly Italian  food  pasta 
1:  all right yeah 
2: and they had a special pizza that's very good and 
1: (uhu) 
2: and (em) . just basically a lot of . cos it's very close to Sicily too so it's  kind of influenced by Italians 
1:  yes . yeah 
2:  culture  
1:  what made you go there in first place was it just a a 
2: (erm) it was cheap 
1: by  chance 
2:  and  it was it felt kind of exotic 
1: (mhm) 
2: (er) I went with my boyfriend he'd been there before .  so 
1:  all right 
2: he was like you have to go see it cos it's so nice  so 
1:  (uhu) 
2: that was . basically why 
1: yeah  sounds like a nice place 
2: yes I can really recommend it   
1:  yeah  


<Part 2>



1: have you ever had your portrait painted yourself 
2: (er) no not like this 
1: . but like something else or what 
2: (erm) I was a a model for (er) <tuts> <foreign> kroki </foreign> (eh) you know the drawing in an art school 
1: really 
2: yeah . (eh) in the nude no clothes   
1:  so you had your portrait painted many times 
2: yeah but it's not like a portrait they sort of I had to stand in  different poses 
1:  a all right 
2: so they could see the anatomy sort of  how my 
1:  yeah 
2: neck went when I did like this and    
1:  is that (em) . <tuts> a very tiring job 
2: yes . cos you have to stand quite s (eh) for a quite a long time 
1: yeah 
2: and (eh) 
1: so it's a  bit 
2:  we 
1: tedious is it 
2: yeah but it was I dunno I kind of liked it  too   
1:   you did  
2: cos (er) it's a very strange  experience  
1: I'm sure  I mean 
2:  (erm) 
1: how do you get into that cos .  it's a it's there's a story there 
2:  I I a friend of mine went to the school and they wanted to have extra classes at night but they didn't have much money so she asked me if I could like volunteer to be a model just to try it 
1: all  right 
2:  and then they were very happy with me so they asked the teachers if I couldn't work there 
1: (uhu) 
2: a few times 
1: is  it 
2:  so I did 
1: is it normally well paid that sort of job 
2: well it's not bad . but I (mm) (eh) . I didn't work for . it's not like whole days  so 
1:   no    
2:   and sort of stand there eight hours like a  statue <end laughter 
1:  (uhu) 
2: but  it was okay I just did it sort of as an extra work while I was  student so 
1:  yeah  (eh) did you look at what they were doing I mean  th (eh) 
2:  yeah I d in the breaks  I sometimes did and I was like ah 
1:  were you . were you 
2: I don't look like  that  
1:   so it's not . it's not a flattering  experience 
2:  no not really no 
1: it's of course the quality of the artist 
2: oh yes . but it's also I mean they don't (erm) . like I said it's not a portrait it's just  (er) 
1:  yeah 
2: it's sort of to express themselves too and to (eh) I don't know it's (eh) . I didn't want to look too much  because    
1:   did you ever want to keep any of the paintings 
2: no 
1: or the drawings 
2: no 
1: you didn't want to say that's 
2: no 
1: that's so nice let  me put it on my wall 
2:  no  look so much like me no I was just like (eh) I don't look  like that 
1:  oh 
2: but (em) .. well it was kind of fun . I wouldn't do it now though that was years ago so 
1: (er) yes . do you draw or paint yourself 
2: no nothing 
1:  (erm) <tuts> what about y you know the idea of modelling . there's a debate about how they . you know they sort of manipulate   models 
2:  yeah: I read about that the other day in the paper 
1: (uhu) 
2: I think it's terrible because (er) .. I mean <tuts> . I .. for me I don't mind because I'm . aware that they do it  but I think 
1:  yes 
2: about young girls  like my niece 
1:  (uhu) 
2: and she's growing up and I'm like oh and she's always talking about <begin high pitched voice> oh look how thin I am <end high pitched voice> 
1: (uhu) 
2: she's nine  I'm like (er) she likes oh 
1:  yes 
2: but  
1:  yeah 
2:  she's she tells me I'm going fat  I'm like  (eh)  
1:  that's right 
2: (er) she's so . (eh) <tuts> conscious of what she looks like and I think she's still a child so 
1: yeah 
2: I think that affects . (eh) especially young girls because they want to look like the pictures they see but .  they're not even 
1:  so y 
2: real 
1: you think these adverts have an impact that people don't just look at them and think well that's just a picture . do you think they have an impact on .  the way 
2:  yes 
1:  people 
2:  I definitely think so 
1: (uhu) 
 2: may be not (er) .. I think it's more unconscious I mean y you keep seeing these images and  everybody 
1:  yeah 
2: is so perfect all the time  so it's 
1:  (mm) 
2: (er) . I think especially . yeah especially when you you . when you're young 
1: (mm) 
2: you're like in . a bit insure of yourself and you 
1: (mm) .. yeah . well . they spend a lot of money on advertising 
2: yeah they do . I don't know why they why they can't have real people like the way they  really look   I mean  
1:  yes  would you want to see would you want to see 
2:   
1: that though I mean . you know there is the glamour a aspect of it would you want to see real people modelling clothes . (eh) in magazines or would you think . that's not very beautiful that 
2: I don't know sometimes they ha some in some magazines they have like . well some companies like Lindex or KappAhl and these places they have people that look more .  normal 
1:  (uhu) 
2: than I mean if you look in Vogue or something  but 
1:  yes yeah 
2: but I mean .. I think the important thing is what they want to sell the clothes and not the person  that's 
1:  no 
2: wearing them 
1: yes 
2: and I mean if I feel that . if if they want to make me feel that I want to wear it then . I don't look like the model so  why 
1:  (uhu) 
2: why would I want to go and buy some flashy thing that they're wearing 
1: that's right  yeah 
2:  I mean it doesn't really sell . it's just the glamour part  that . (mm) 
1:  (mm) 
2: I want to be like them but 
1: that's right  did you hope when you were (eh) an artist model that thi this might be the beginning of a  of a brilliant career as a  
2:  no no no no not at all  
1: all right . that's it 
2: okay 
1: thank you very much 
2: thank you 


