<h nt"SW" nr"SW019">

<Part 1>


2: mhm: ... <breathes in> okay shall I start 
1: yes that'd be great 
2: okay I'll take (em) a country that I've visited . I've only been to two countries 
1: alright 
2: no no no no no I've been to several but I've been to England a lot  and I r I really like England <sniffs> (erm) . hem . I'm I'm impressed by: the people . oh well I'm I'm not sure (mm) impressed maybe is not the word but   
1:  it's alright you don't have to be nice it's okay 
2: yeah . no the people are really nice they're always very polite . sort of they have (em) an attitude that is <tuts> well they're funny: . and . and nice and quite helpful . and (em) and I like the country because it's really beautiful 
1: (mm) 
2: and (em) well I've I've only been to . (eh) London and Brighton . well I've been to Cornwall as well 
1: (uhu) 
2: I have yeah . (erm) . well . and s it's sort of the the general attitude it's different from the one in Sweden I think . I think it's a bit more easy going there 
1: (uhu) 
2: <tuts> (eh) they're I know they're strict in some ways . like . (em) .. when you work in offices and things I think the dressing code is more strict there 
1: (mm) 
2: than in Sweden but then (erm) . <tuts> (erm) when when it's not when you're not in an office I mean the general dressing code is more relaxed there 
1: (mm) 
2: than here . so yeah I like I like England 
1: what's (em) do you find it crowded compared to Sweden . that's the first comment  I hear 
2:  yeah it is very crowded . and all the houses are like . stuck together . and everything but I think it's like sixty million people living in London . and it's like  eight 
1:  sixteen million yeah 
2: sixteen  yeah okay and it's like . ten million 
1:  yeah  sixty million in England 
2:  yeah exactly well and so yeah . it's crowded . it's a bit everything is a bit old in England but compared to Sweden but is quite .  it's a bit  is nice . (mm) 
1: what about London what did you think 
2: (eh) London is a bit too big it's nice to be there like a couple of days or something . is it's too big and is (er) people are stressed and things . (em) Brighton is a bit more relaxed . 
1: (mm) 
2: I really like that and it's on the coast as well . that's nice 
1: what about the places in Brighton the shops and the cafes 
2: oh that's wonderful <tuts> and all the pubs they have . and I mean for shopping it's excellent 
1: (mm) 
2: the North Lanes 
1: (mm) 
2: in yeah  they've got nice shops . and (er) yeah . it is it's a bit (em) it's a bit expensive if you live there 
1: (mm) 
2: but well 
1: you you talked about the housing before what did you think about the . housing situation 
2: (er) you mean hou hou 
1: what was the house like and 
2: <tuts> I lived in two different houses first I I used to stay with three (eh) anarchists 
1:  (uhu) 
2:  or two because I really wanted to you know live with English people and everything I thought that was really cool but <tuts> they never did the washing up and they never cleaned and (em) 
1: so that was anarchy 
2:  it was and the guy who owned the place he had three cats and he didn't want to give them (erm) 
1:   
2: . you know anti flea thingy because he thought it was (eh) cruel to the cats and to the fleas and everything 
1:   
2:  so I had like fleas in my bed 
1:   
2:   so after a month I moved out and I moved in with a with a family and they were: religious . but very nice but their house they were <tuts> they were Christians .. they were in a . (em) . sort of (em) evangelical church . they were really nice <tuts> their house was so tidy and there was no mould anywhere and it was you know flowers and everything that was really nice 
1: nice change 
2: nice change and they were very nice as well so I really liked that .. (mm) 
1: how long were you in in Brighton in total 
2: <tuts> for: a year or two two terms . I I did the B and C course there 
1: (mm) 
2: the University of Sussex 
1: (mhm) 
2: and I I I really want to go back I I like it so much 
1: alright 
2: and the spring comes early there . they have all the daffodils everywhere that we don't have in Sweden 
1: (mm) 
2: (mm) <tuts> yeah 

<Part 2>


1: so what are your plans for the future apart from . maybe going to Brighton again 
2: (erm) I'm gonna finish my D level essay . and I've studied (eh) religion before and I have an essay to finish there as well 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  <breathes in> so . and . this autumn I I hopefully I'll start working as a teacher . I'm looking for jobs 
1: (uhu) 
2: and I'll do that for a year and then I'll do the (erm) <foreign> pedagogical </foreign> year . 
1: (mm) 
2: s so then I'll be a qualified teacher 
1: right 
2: so: hopefully in two years I'll be a qualified teacher    
1:  why teaching 
2: <tuts> (er)  well  because I've (eh) done religion and English and I can't really think of anything else that's one reason  then I think it's i I think it's interesting 
1: (mm) 
2: . I think I would (er) I think I could be (eh) a good teacher 
1: (mm) .. what do you like about teaching the idea of teaching 
2: <tuts> (erm) . well I'm very I'm interested in my subjects and I know that a lot of teaching is (er) . just (eh) making students . sort of do what you want and explaining things you can't really . go into your subject very much you have to do the basics but <tuts> it's nice to: make people interested in what you're interested in yourself I think 
1:  (mm) 
2:  and religion you can I think you can have really interesting discussions on religion . I'll probably have classes with many different . people having different religions 
1: (mm) 
2: and (er) 
1: is this <foreign> gymnasium </foreign>   
2:  yeah yeah exactly . upper secondary . I think you call it 
1: yeah  well 
2:  not college 
1: well it's (eh) it's a difficult one to defi to  to translate <foreign> gymnasium </foreign> but upper secondary is th we the word they 
2:  yeah 
1: . the I think the E U has chosen   chosen yeah 
2:  yeah . okay . (eh) yeah you know you can discuss ethics and morals and things like that that's what I'm interested in .. and English and (erm) well I think it seems like a nice job and you get holidays and 
1:  that's good . yeah 
2:   yeah and I'm quite a good (eh) organiser so I think I I can do (em) <tuts> . well . no I think it suits me and I'm good I I think I'm quite good with people as well 
1: (mm) 
2: (mm) 
1: is there anything you're nervous about with teaching or anything that puts you off teaching 
2: yeah getting getting a bad class and if I if I can't get control of them because that that could happen . that you sort of just don't get on with them . but I think also when you've worked for a couple of years hopefully you learn things . I think the th the trick is not to get upset or angry too easily I mean you shouldn't be nice you shouldn't be too nice and too friendly but you shouldn't be: try to . be a (erm) sort of ruler or anything either I think something in between is the best . whatever that  is . yeah 
1:  (mm) . it's tough 
2: yeah 
1: have you worked at all in any schools or  have you had any experience 
2:  no . nothing . my dad's a teacher . that's probably why I'm becoming a teacher as well . yeah 
1: and what about hobbies and interests what sort of things 
2: hobbies 
1: when you have free time which I'm sure you haven't got much of 
2: no no no well yeah studying all the time (em) actually I'm playing the bass 
1:  oh 
2:  that was quite a long time . I haven't played in three years almost but now I've (em) . I've I've joined a: blues band 
1:  oh right 
2:  <tuts> yeah I played with them yesterday . t for the first time and I I I think I I'm I'll continue <sniffs>  I think they liked me  
1: okay 
2:  well  and  
1:  where did you play 
2: <tuts> sorry 
1: where did you play 
2: <tuts> where (erm) it's a place called Bellevue  in Gothenburg . 
1:  (mhm) ..  okay 
2:  if you know where that is yeah <tuts> no 
1: no I don't know where it is  
2: no . no it's quite  nice 
1:  it's a club is it or 
2: no it's a: rehearsal . (eh) room  studio thing 
1:  okay 
2: (mm) . yeah no I think (em) I've I've played with bands before and usually <tuts> . people haven't been: . motivated and it's just (em) . tended to be that we had (em) lots of coffee pauses . and no-one rehearsed and then in the end no-one was interested <breathes in> but in this band the the the guy that sort of leads it he writes all the song material 
1: alright 
2: himself and he really wants to get out and play in clubs and things . so I think this this is different 
1: (mm) 
2: (em) (eh) . that would be cool   to play out 
1:  yeah 
2: . the trouble is I'm quite short and the bass is really big and it's very heavy and so 
1: I was going to say why 
2: yeah  
1: bass I mean why did you start 
2: ah I think bass is the coolest intru instrument .. and the drums but (erm) I can't I can't get a drum kit . into my flat .  it's (eh)  the bass  is easier 
1:    and the neighbours wouldn't like you very much 
2: no they wouldn't so: no . the bass is nice <tuts> and I think bass players they look cool you know . when they have the big bass and yeah 
1: do you have to stand up to play it 
2: you can sit . if you want to and I guess when you play when you play blues it's different I think you can sit if you like . but I think I'll stand . I do some weight training  
1:  is is it blues that you want to play that . when you when you started playing an instrument did you want to play   
2:  no I think I wanted to play more rock music but I played with some rock bands it's difficult because I'm twenty eight . and (erm) . the l the musical level that I'm on usually if you want to join a rock band on the same level it would be sort of teenage guys . around fifteen years old   so yeah 
1:  (mhm)  you could play with your students at the <foreign> gymnasium </foreign>  
2: yeah exactly I can ask them if they want to join my band  yeah no so that's that's one reason but I like blues as well 
1:   
2: .. it's (eh) cool and nice . yeah 
1:  .. how we'd like to look maybe . (mm) 
2: yeah 
1: Oscar Wilde Dorian Gray picture in the attic <breathes in> 
2: yeah what's what's that Dorian Gray 
1: (eh) it's (em) . the the picture of Dorian Gray Oscar Wilde and he he's this young man who does this a deal with the devil and he has a picture of himself in the attic 
2: (mm) 
1: that shows . him getting older and and he's he's really nasty it shows all the nasty lines on his face whereas he walks round he always looks young for like twenty years he looks exactly the same young and handsome and no lines and there's you know there's no sign that he's . he's had such a terrible life basically 
2:  (mm) 
1:  and this portrait in the attic is getting worse and worse and worse 
2: okay yeah  I remember the name 
1:  it's a very good book   
2:  okay I'll read it 
1: (em) I won I s . wonder if that's about fifteen minutes 
2:  yeah 
1:  so . (em) 
