<h nt"SW" nr"SW005">

<Part 2>


1: is this a job that is a summer job  or is it 
2:  <clears throat> yeah for the for the season (er) the season starts about (erm) . April . so I did my first trip this year to London just before Easter . (erm) . and then: it's basically who the whole summer (eh) till . October . sometime we we have this kind of (erm) (er) autumn holiday here in Sweden 
1: (mhm) 
2: (erm) . so that's . basically that that time . in (eh) October 
1: (mm)  and what happens next 
2:  so now .. what happens (erm) so I'll be I will go to this (erm) (eh) London trip on Saturday . and that's for seven days . come home Midsummer night (eh) evening  Midsummer evening . (er) then I'll have to stay in (eh) Malmö because it's there's no time for me to to get back here . so I'll have to stay two nights there and (eh) then I go (er) Sunday morning . for a twelve . twelve day trip to Scotland for another company and that's a new thing for me so that's a bit . I'm a bit nervous at the moment but (eh) I think I'll . I'll (eh) get that sorted out as well (erm) . but that's a twelve day trip so it's it's quite a long trip so it's we're going to York and Stratford upon Avon . (erm) . Chester Durham we we are going to s see more (er) because usually I just go that way  back to Scotland and back 
1:  (mm) 
2: and we pass these little nice places and I we never have time to go there  really 
1:  (mm) 
2: but this time it's it's a longer trip so we have time to to see the cathedrals and to see Stratford and . everything so 
1: (mhm) 
2: so that will be nice and then: I I'm back in Malmö for two nights again and (eh) then (eh) I'm going to do this . (erm) the the usual Scotland trip that I that I usually . do so (er) for my own company or the company I usually work for . so (eh) that will be a month now I guess that's a bit long time to be away from home but it's (em) . it's okay .. 
1: (mhm) 
2: and then five day five days off here in in Gothenburg and then this Italy .. thing so . yeah 
1: busy summer 
2: yeah .. hopefully I'll I'll earn a lot   
1:   
2: that's that's the main . main thing it is very nice to to get to . to go away on these trips but it's (eh) of course you you do it for the . the money 
1: (mm) yeah 
2: it's good money 
1: and what happens after the summer  are you going to: start working somewhere or 
2:  <clears throat> (er) ... yeah I think so hopefully (er) this (erm) this is probably the the last . (er) the last course I will take at the university ever maybe not but (eh) that's that's the plan 
1:  
2: because I haven't got any more money  to do it  (eh) and then (erm) so I'll I'll work with the trips with the coach trips (eh) maybe till (erm) September October and then . me and (erm) (eh) another friend friend of mine she's actually a (eh) . a courier too (eh) work for the <foreign> concurr the concurrence </foreign> 
1: (er) competition 
2: competi yeah competition company  (er) and we plan to go to South Africa for a month 
1: (mhm) 
2: if I earn enough  money  so (er) that will be nice because (er) (erm) I have a very good friend in South Africa . she comes from South Africa and I met her when I worked as an au pair in London . so (em) . and we haven't seen each other since then and that was ninety six ninety seven sometime 
1:  okay 
2:  (er) so that's quite quite a while we've . kept in touch but (er) not . not really we hav we haven't seen each other so . that will be nice hopefully .. to see and she's going to (eh) to show us (er) . her South Africa and that will be . very very good I think because (eh) . she she knows all the places and where to go and what to see and 
1: where does she live  where is she based 
2:  she lives in in the very South (erm) . almost along the coast and so if you well Cape Town and then then you go you follow the coast just South and (erm) . it's (er) . do you know South Africa 
1:  a little bit 
2:   yeah it's its' there's a town called (erm) . Port Elizabeth 
1: okay  
2: yeah in the South East and then so . almost in the middle of Cape Town and Port Elizabeth .. she lives there so 
1: (mhm) 
2: we'll hope to to go to Cape Town and Port Elizabeth and to to see the East coast because that's (eh) like surfing paradise if you  like to go  surfing 
1:   
2:  I I won't but  (erm) 
1:   
2: just to (er) go there and to (er) get a tan in November that's always nice to get a tan in November  
1: yeah 
2: so we'll see we'll see about that and then after that I'll . I'll need to to get a job . so we'll see what what happens . I'm not sure what I want to do really (er) . 
1: (mm) 
2: I trained to become a teacher but (em) . I'm not very interested in that at the moment so . maybe so some some kind of education perhaps but with maybe older .. at a company or  things like that but we'll we'll see 
1:  right ...teaching English or (er) 
2: (em) maybe if if (eh) I'm going to work at at a company there will probably the education will probably have to be . (eh) something in the (er) in the company wh what they do .. (eh) but in English I guess because they they normally want you to to be very . very fluent in English (em) and then: so I I I'm not really sure what to .. what it it could be but (er) we'll see I'm not I'm not very . nervous about it because I can always (er) work as a teacher that's no problem 
1:  right 
2:  I think I think there will be lots of jobs . (erm) . in teaching so 
1: yeah 
2: so we'll see 
1: oh exciting 
2: yeah .. so 
