<h nt"SW" nr"SW023">

<Part 1>


1:  you to talk about what was it topic number two was it 
2: yes . it was <breathes in> (er) well I've been to England 
1: (mhm) 
2: for . I was there from ninety-five till ninety-eight . sort of more or less the whole time but I <breathes in> always we went home to: went back to Sweden in the summer and <breathes in> during the holidays at . Christmas <breathes in> (er) .. but yeah . it was really sort of: <breathes in> I don't know if it impressed me really   
1:   
2: bu . yeah I had a really good time there and . now I went back in February and it was: . just so .. strange to go back . to a place where you've lived for such a long time and to <breathes in> meet all the people again and just <breathes in> sort of see: live the ordinary life that . I had when I stayed there cos in the end you know it becomes like an ordinary life  even if it is in another country 
1:  (mm) 
2: .  so (eh) . yeah  tha I 
1:  wh where you by the way 
2: in London 
1: (mhm) 
2: yeah .  in: 
1:  and what were you doing there 
2: (eh) well . God a lot   
1:   
2: first I was working working as an au pair 
1: (mhm) 
2: <tuts> which was: quite a good experience I would say well I changed family . first the first family I got to was really they were really horrible so I left after five days  and: but then I got to (em) . <tuts> (eh) just a completely different family not from the upper class  or anything so . 
1:  (mm) 
2: I don't know if that matter but they were really nice to me and  it was a single mother 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  
1: (mhm) 
2: and (em) <tuts> she had a son . he was four then now he's ten  can't believe it 
1:  heavens 
2: God yeah  and (em) <tuts> her husband . or I don't even know if he was her husband but the boy's father  had actually left her .  like a year before I got there 
1:  (uhu) 
2:  <breathes in> 
1:  oh 
2: he was  he was really weird actually <sniffs> (er) he was an (eh) (em) . a doctor and he told her that he was going to (em) <tuts> South Africa to work there for four months so and he never got back 
1: oh   
2: sad isn't it  (er) well he did actually get back when I was there . he got back . for a week . or something so he just turned up because it was his house 
1: heavens 
2: and he was just standing in the kitchen one day when I was working well . working sort of . making breakfast  or something (eh) he was . <tuts> that was not a very nice experience (eh) cos I had to tell the <breathes in> headmaster of the school or the nursery where he went that . he was not allowed to come and . pick him up because the mother th thought that . just he might come and get <breathes in> just get her son and take him: yeah  take him with him 
1:  heavens 
2: yeah . so 
1: what did you do after that . once . you know after you'd finished 
2: <breathes in> 
1: working as an au-pair 
2: (er) then I worked in a restaurant pizza  express 
1:  oh (mhm) 
2: <breathes out> have you been there  
1: possibly I can't . remember 
2: <breathes in> they have restaurants now all over England  I think is more famous than 
1:  (uhu) 
2: .. McDonalds  there now yeah 
1:  (uhu) 
2: sort of a big . big big . restaurant . chain . say .. yeah it was quite nice I worked as a: waitress .. just . serving drinks and pizzas and wine and everything 
1: sounds like they kept you <recording noise>  
2:  yeah they did  really well and . all the chefs and everything but the company was quite horrible . so they didn't . I know now cos I have a friend who still works for them in Newcastle actually   
1:  oh dear  
2: and (erm) they had an interview with the (em) sort of . manager . the head . manager or whatever (eh) on TV because he didn't want to have (em) minimum wage 
1: oh 
2: (mm) horrible . (er) so when I was working there I earned three pounds: . twenty . an hour . something . that's awful 
1: that's not  much 
2:  (mm) but then we had . we sort of you got the tips after that  which was more than the wages 
1:  yeah 
2: .  so 
1:  did you manage you could survive on  that 
2:  yeah .. and then but then I studied as well as I got money from Sweden 
1: (uhu) 
2: after six months or so I studied tourism 
1: (uhu) 
2: in England yeah . <tuts> and I was: . good but it happened it hadn't hasn't sort of: taken me anywhere yet  
1: what di and you were working there a the rest of the time you were in  England 
2:  yeah in that restaurant 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  yeah 
1: . did it feel strange going back in February 
2: yeah . it did . cos it was just . we used to go to this pub like every night   
1:   
2: and we went there now me and my friend from Newcastle  she came down to 
1:  (uhu) 
2: . just visit our other friend from France as well  so we went to this pub and all the people who used to go there they were still  there  
1:   .. oh dear 
2: so li yeah nothing had changed in three years <breathes in> so yeah that was strange .. and .. you know all these people that I used to see every day . 
1: (mm) 
2: and now 
1: would you go back to live there 
2: no . not to live there no 
1: why not 
2:  I don't know it sort of yeah as I said it just became: like ordinary life 
1: (mm) 
2: it wasn't that exciting any more to: . live there 
1: (mhm) 
2: after three years  so (em) . and I got a bit I don't know homesick I wouldn't say homesick but . I went back because my sister she had a baby 
1: (uhu) 
2:  and 
1:  what she lives in England  
2: no no she's in . 
1:  or you came back to Sweden 
2:  no I came back to  Sweden 
1:  yeah 
2: because my sister 
1: (mhm) 
2: yeah had a baby  and (em) . then I was going to take my driving licence as well . and that took like a year   
1:   
2: so I just ended up staying here 
1: (uhu) 
2: now but no . I don't know you just feels so spoilt here in Sweden and I  like that 
1:  yes 
2: yeah  
1: you do 
2: all with the bath tub and 
1: oh 
2: you know there's hot and cold water and  I don't know I just . like my mom said li yeah you are old now <name of student> because  
1:  cos you  like a 
2:  yeah 
1: hot bath  
2: no because you know I'm no I wouldn't . I know me and my friend we stayed in a .. tiny tiny tiny room smaller than this one . two people and (em) the rent was  electricity so we had to put coins  into 
1:  okay 
2:  and then in the middle of the night it was just freezing cold and we didn't have any fifty p coins so we had to go and buy something to get money to put . into the machine so we would get electricity  and we had . one of the beds in the sort of wardrobes so we and we took it out at night and . I just can't believe that  I used to 
1:  no 
2: live like that  
1: well 
2:  
1:  you moved on  since then I think  
2:  yeah . and now I got a really nice flat and it is cheap and everything  so why should I go back and 
1:  (uhu) 
2: and I would like to go back for <breathes in> couple of months maybe  bu 
1:  (mm) 
2: .. not to live there no 
1: no . well you've been there 
2:  
1: you have done that 
2: yeah  exactly 


<Part 2>


1: do you think portraits very rarely look like you know the people they are supposed to  represent 
2:  (mm) .. yeah 
1: how do you feel yourself if someone wanted to paint your portrait would you be . sort of . happy with the idea 
2: .. (mm) I wouldn't mind but I wouldn't like to have a picture of me on the wall at home 
1: you wouldn't 
2:  no  
1: why not 
2: why I mean that's just I hate I don't even have any photographs of me at home or anything . cos I want to <sound missing> 
1: <sound missing>  on you . which would be intriguing 
2: (mhm) .. yeah I wouldn't mind just having someone . drawing my picture bu I wouldn't sort of put it on the wall when I got home <sniffs> and I wouldn't show it to my friends  as she does 
1:   you wouldn't  
2:  no 
1: would you prefer a realistic portrait of yourself or a more modernistic you know that was more abstract 
2: .. (mm) .. modernistic I guess yeah 
1:  (uhu) 
2:  cos then I might even have it on the wall   
1:   well you never know 
2:  neh 
1:  you might get your portrait done 
2: yeah 
1: okay that's it 
2: okay 
1: thank you very much 
2: thanks 



