<h nt"SW" nr"SW037">



<Part 3>



1: well there's just one more thing I want you <fiddles with sheets of paper> to do 
2: yeah sure 
1: I want you to have a look at some pictures 
2: (mm) 
1: and just . you know describe the pictures and the story in them basically . (erm) 
2: .. right  okay 
1:   
2: would you like me t to to take them you know as a series   
1:  yeah just sort of you know 
2: (mm) 
1: talk . talk them through as it were 
2: right (erm)  the first one then is a . <swallows> this man . (er) he's an artist . but I but I really he should have long hair   but he has got 
1:   all right  
2: a beard though 
1: all  right 
2:  and he' he's going to: . (er) make a picture of a woman . (er) maybe it's a little bit like Mona Lisa 
1: (uhu) 
2: a: and the second one then  he has actually made the picture  and I don't know . she . doesn't look very pleased . with the picture and it looks like she's a she wants some some (er) changes 
1: (mhm) 
2: (erm) yeah because oh here I see now  he's actually . depicted her (er) this there this the (em) . the right way and she doesn't like that so sh he made makes her more (eh) . beautiful 
1: (uhu) 
2: right with her hair and stuff <sniffs> and then (erm) . (eh) in the last picture she shows her friends  her portrait it's her portrait . and (er) . now she's very proud of it and 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  they are looking at it and I don't think they . really . agree cos I think  that they see that 
1:   
2: she's not  really looking like that 
1: (uhu) 
2: (mm) 
1: do you think this is the way we tend to react to (eh) . pictures of ourselves when we see photographs of ourselves 
2: oh most definitely 
1: it's not the image that we have of   
2:  right i that's certainly true for me . really 
1:  (uhu) 
2:  cos I mean I I have a look a at pictures from . from  parties and from you know  get-togethers 
1: (uhu) 
2: and I'm like no . I don't  look like that 
1:   
2: and (eh) I mean that's the same with (eh) if you hear yourself (eh) if: you hear yourself on tape 
1: (uhu) 
2: or video tape . what's  that 
1:  yeah 
2: I don't have that voice no I don't . you know 
1: is it always the case that we idealize ourselves or is it just that we f we have a different perception of ourselves 
2: I think it's more that we have a different perception of ourselves 
1:  (uhu) 
2:  really  because . I mean if I look myself (eh) if I if I look a myself in the mirror really  I . I'm still . you  know 
1:  (uhu) 
2: and  it's usually you know   putting make-up on and you know 
1: yeah 
2: feeling good about myself  and then of course I don't see myself in action 
1: quite 
2: the way  the way o other people do  
1: (uhu) 
2: so  I think it's more (er) the way we we . see ourselves  (er) 
1:  (mm) 
2: you know from a different point of view 
1: would you like to have yourself (eh) you know painted . a portrait done or would you feel . uncomfortable with that 
2: (er) 
1: that someone would interpret your face 
2: I don't think I would feel uncomfortable however I don't have an urge to get my   portrait done really <end laughter 
1:  laughs 
2: I don't know where I should  you know hang it really  or 
1:  no no 
2: why I should have it 
1: you mean it would be emba it would be . it would look vain to have a portrait of yourself on the wall 
2: not so much vain but really I know what I look like my boy-friend knows what I look like 
1: (uhu) 
2: and (em) . (er) well maybe somewhat wai vain maybe 
1: (uhu) 
2: (erm) .. yeah  I think 
1:  would it be (eh) interesting though to see how someone interpreted you your character and  not just the 
2:  that would be very very interesting  however 
1:  (uhu) 
2: yeah it would  (er) so if someone wan wants to do that they can but I won't hang it  on my wall  
1:   no  
2: really 
1: well you never know  you never know 
2:  no well  
1: okay that's it 
2: right 
1: thank you for 
2: thank you 
1: talking to us  and (eh) 
2:   . well thank you 
1: you can just fill in 