<h nt"SW" nr"SW041">




<Part 2>


1: do you like looking at paintings yourself 
2: . no not really . just more pictures 
1:  (uhu) 
2:  photographs . not really paintings 
1: have you ever thought of having your you know your picture painted or or drawn . you know these street artists that offer to do your portrait 
2: no I haven't I haven't  I haven't (eh) really .  no I haven't done it  I haven't 
1:  why not 
2: even thought of it 
1: if if if a friend  said 
2:  s 
1: I'll . you know I want you to . get your portrait done so I can . as a souvenir or as a memento . would you do it 
2: (mm) no . I don't kn when I walk around in the . town  I I don't like sitting down . for that long   
1:   
2: I do I wouldn't want to 
1: .. do you think that people . if they do have their portrait done . they want it . a little bit enhanced so they they look more beautiful than or . you know . they look nicer . than they really are 
2: yeah I think so . otherwise they could just take a photograph . and have the . have the honest picture of you   
1:   how do you tend to react to photographs of yourself . you . do you think . that you you're generally photogenic . that you like what you see or do you . are you surprised that you look the way you look this is not your self image you know 
2: (em) <tuts> I accept it   
1:   
2:   (er) 
1:  which means what 
2: I mean sometimes I I look good in a photograph if it's a close up and I open my eyes really big 
1: (uhu) 
2: then I can look good . but (eh) . <tuts> (em) . it's it's been a long time since I had a lot of photographs taken 
1: (mhm) 
2: in years .. except for like (eh) . party photographs .  when you're drinking and 
1:  yeah 
2: . they can look kind of . funny 
1:  yes   yeah 
2:  I haven't had a real photograph taken . like a . like a like a photographer  where 
1:  (uhu) 
2: at school . you did in high school but . it's a long time ago  now  
1: if you were to have a professional photograph taken . how would you like you know the s the sort of (eh) the setting and . and your own sort of your dress and things like that wha wha would you . how would you arrange it 
2: <tuts> I would have a little dog in front of me 
1:   
2:   and then my parents behind  . no . (er)  I  I think I would like to (em) . (em) <swallows> do like (eh) a nude picture 
1: really 
2: yeah 
1: why 
2: because that would have been funny to see . how it would be I haven't done it in a professional way 
1: would you show it I mean to anyone 
2: (er) yeah 
1: if it was artistically done you mean 
2: yes  I would do that 
1:  all right . a bit like (em) . the Titanic film I think remember  that 
2:  yeah 
1: drawing . (eh) you should think  about it it might be nice 
2:   
1: okay that's it 
2: thank you 
1: thank you 
