<h nt"SW" nr"SW010">


<Part 1>

1: well we can start now then  (erm) I'd like to have an informal chat with you about 
2:  yes 
1: things of interest to you  and to get the conversation started I'd like you to choose one of the following topics and think a little about what you're going to say . and try n to talk for three to five minutes and then we'll carry on the conversation from there so you've had a few minutes: (eh) which topic would you like to talk about 
2: well we can: sort of mix topic one and topic two 
1: (mm) 
2: (eh) cos I would like to talk about my experience I had when: I went to high school in the United States <breathes in> and then it's also a country that I visited which has impressed me so  
1: (mhm) 
2: (er) well I went to the U S when I was seventeen and it was my first time in the U S . and I started my senior year in high school there . (eh) it was in St . Louis Missouri in the Midwest .. and (eh) it was a great experience (erm) . lots of new things happened (er) I lived with a: host family (eh) and . they . were really nice to me and I really enjoyed my stay there . and then I went to a high school which was called Hazelwood Central and it was a pretty big high school it had about two thousand five hundred students . so it was: . you know bigger than my high school back home so 
1: (mm) that was big  yeah 
2:  yeah (erm) and . it was it was a wonderful year and (em) met lots of new friends that I still talk to  one of my best friends Heather came over to see me last summer in Sweden . she stayed with me here for three weeks . (er) I've met my . host parents . I think three or four times since I left them so we still . talk to each other a lot .. (erm) .. <swallows> what else can I say about  (erm) .. my classes a little bit about them 
1: (mm) 
2: (erm) I was: had you know I could choose my classes . (eh) I didn't have to take any most students t you know have to take for example American History or something like that but (mm) . they: told me I could choose what I wanted  to study 
1:  (mm) that 
2: so 
1: was nice 
2: yeah <begin laugh> it was <end laugh> so I guess I I made this year as as a break from my from my original studies here in Sweden so I chose mostly . fun classes that I just enjoyed to take . I had speech and acting . (eh) drivers education: 
1: (uhu) 
2: yeah but I never got to take a driver's licence though I just got to have the education for it  (er) and I had pottery classes I made all . kinds of fun stuff in in clay . (erm) <swallows> I had creative writing . writing essays . (erm) . P E physical education . (erm) . and that was the classes was different in a way that . we . we had the same classes everyday . you know you had six classes every day and that was . the same all week . and that w I mean I wasn't used to that from Sweden because we here we have . different classes every day 
1: yes I know 
2: (erm) .. <swallows> what else .. I got to travel pretty much while I was there I visited . ten states I think 
1: (mhm) 
2: yeah . (er) . I was lucky because my . my host parents loved to travel so then I got to go with them . so I was (eh) in in Florida for example for a week visiting my . host grandparents   
1:  (uhu) 
2: they lived there so and: I was in New York . (er) . I was in (eh) . Illinois in Kentucky: (er) and then for one week I went to California so I was just in San Diego San Francisco and Los Angeles . and that was fun because we were . seventy two exchange students that went there together so . we had a lot of fun there . and it was . it was nice to come to to Los Angeles to see the: . you know all the . the Hollywood and Beverly Hills and all the stuff I'd heard about so it was nice to to actually see it . just seen it from all the movies 
1: yeah . (mm) 
2: (erm) .. 

<Part 2>


1: so do you plan to go back and  visit your host parents 
2:  yes .. yeah I was there last summer as well after my friend came visiting me we went back together so I was there for almost a month last summer 
1: (uhu) 
2: so that was great but: . not this summer but maybe the summer after that I'm planning to go back again 
1:  yeah ... 
2:  so ... 
1:  okay: (erm) 
2:  (mm) 
