<h nt"SW" nr"SW008">


<Part 2>




1: so you like travelling . then 
2: I like travelling a lot yeah 
1: where else have you been what s sort of places 
2: I haven't been outside Europe that much . so mostly Greece   
1:  well I'm going to Greece on Thursday 
2: really 
1:  have you been to Crete 
2:  no I haven't I'm afraid not 
 1: oh right 
2: is it the first time you're going 
1: no I've been a couple of times before  but (em) . 
2:  (mm) 
1: m a long long time ago when I was when I was very young so I haven't been . s you know since I've been an adult basically 
2: okay 
1: so I can't really remember much .  about t the times I went before basically . 
2:  no: 
1:  the last time was about fifteen years ago 
2:  <clears throat> (mm) okay I haven't been to Crete but it's supposed to be very nice so  but Greece is nice as well 
1: have you got any plans for this summer 
2: I'm staying at home . this summer yeah 
1: are you working or 
2: actually I just finished my: (eh) . studies I'm: I'm a teacher now ..  so I will start 
1:  (mm) congratulations 
2: thank you so I will start work at in August at a school in Borås 
1: okay and what are you going to teach 
2: English  and Swedish 
1: (mhm) 
2: yeah . so it's my first real job 
1: (mm) are you looking forward to it 
2: yeah definitely . it will be very funny 
1: why do you want to be a teacher 
2: because I like to: meet a lot of people and yeah . I've tried it before before I started my studies so . I enjoyed it a lot so that's why 
1: and th there's any (er) disadvantages about teaching 
2: the salary maybe  yeah the salary I think and I it seems to be a very stressful job of course but I think it will be nice 
1: (mm) . what about are you worried about the discipline a . at all 
2: not really because the they are . between sixteen and nineteen years old so I don't think it will be . a problem really . it seems to be a very nice school 
1: (mhm) 
2: .. so I have visited the classes now .. so they they seem to be . very nice 
1: (mm) . was it hard to find . a job 
2: definitely . in Gothenburg it's (eh) hopeless to find a job .. 
1: okay 
2: yeah . unless you teach like kindergarten or . <foreign> förskola </foreign>  
1: yeah 
2:  the lower grades 
1:  primary school 
2: yeah (er) so I had to go . to look for <foreign> kranskommuner </foreign> . they're areas around Gothenburg 
1: right 
2: instead so I'm going to Borås which will take me like an hour to go there 
1: .. so you live in Gothenburg  do you 
2:  yeah so it will be quite hard to .. the com all the commuting well . we'll see  
1: but no plans to move to Borås 
2: no . no not yet at least 
1: what do you like about living in Gothenburg 
2: <clears throat> . I grew up here so .. I have my family here and all my friends I think it's a very nice town not too big .. friendly people 
1: (mm) 
2: .. so that's .. that's why  
1: yeah yeah 
2: <begin breathing in> (mm) <end breathing in> 
1: any plans for this I I know you said you're not going a going away this summer but (eh) you're staying in Gothenburg this summer are you 
2: it's just outside . by the by the sea . at a friend's house 
1: oh nice 
2: (mm) . I hope it will be nice weather though 
1: yeah 
2: otherwise it's not much  really so 
1: and what do you plan to do 
2: just read a lot of English books  <laughs while breathing in> and (eh) yeah relax . have a nice time 
1: (mm) 
2: (mm) 
1: are you d are you going to teach literature in in the school 
2: yeah yes I haven't really planned for the lessons yet but . I'm going to meet the other teachers tomorrow . so we will start planning so maybe I have to . look at the books and . during the summer .  to plan for . 
1:  (mm) 
2: what they will li learn in . the fall . 
1: yeah 
2: when they start again 
1: okay . wi it it's a mixture of language and literature in the teaching 
2: yes both in English and Swedish 
1: (mm) 
2: <clears throat> 
1: and wha and what sort of language .. (eh) aspects do you have to teach 
2: .. what do you mean I don't really  understand the question 
1:  I mean do you teach . like lots of grammar lots of vocabulary or is it 
2:  (er) 
1:  mostly speaking I mean is it skills or sort of 
2: yeah I will try to get them to talk a lot of course . in English and then of course you have to teach a little bit of grammar as well . but I hope . that it comes naturally . that I see what they need and . yeah I haven't really . no specific plans so yes they're going to do this book and this book and so 
1: okay there's there's no fixed book that  you have to follow 
2:  no . no no you can do exactly what you want as a teacher 
1: oh very nice 
2: (mm) so it's quite . free or . do you say yeah 
1: is is there no national . sort of em:  curriculum to follow 
2:  you have sort of .. no you have goals that they have to achieve . but in the way you you can do it in the way you want to achieve those goals  but . 
1:  (mhm) 
2: there's no certain way to get there as long as you get there 
1:  right 
2:  so you can do . however you want to so it's . that's why: I prefer . or that's why I like the teacher's . (eh) . I like being a teacher because it's very you can decide what you want to do . as long as . the students . can reach those goals 
1: so are the goals more general goals   it's not 
2:  yeah 
1: they have finished this book  it's something like they can speak 
2:  no no no it's very general 
1: with confidence or:  something like that 
2:  no it's very general yeah  have knowledge in this and that . 
1:  right 
2: so  it's very open 
1:  and what sort of: yeah yeah it's nice 
2: (mm) . yeah I think so 
1: (eh) what sort of what sort of training have you done to . to become a teacher 
2: well (eh) . I studied at teachers' school last year .. and (eh) . I don't think it really gave that much at the teachers' school so but being out in the schools on my . practice whatever you say that gave me a lot to talk about to talk with the other teachers and they showed me . what they were doing to get these . (eh) I think i that's the best way . to see how it works . what they say at the teachers' school doesn't really matter because they haven't been teaching . in the school for . twenty years maybe  the teachers at 
1:  (mm) 
2: the teachers' school  
1: right 
2: so . I think (eh) the most important thing is to go out to the schools to see . what they do there and . sa sort of ga gather . gather ex n expressions and . make up your own way 
1: yeah yeah 
2: I think that's the best way 
1: and when you go into the schools for your teaching practice do you . (erm) is it just you teaching or do you teach and observe: do people come and watch you and  what happens 
2:  yes two teachers come and watch . (eh) . and then of course you have the . original teacher who's going to watch you . every day . the teacher . at the school you're visiting 
1: (mm) 
2: is going to watch you every day but first you start off just having like ten minutes . of le of lessons . and the other teacher takes . takes the rest so it's very . start from ten minutes . then you go on to having the whole day 
1: (mhm) 
2: so <clears throat> 
1: and and what do you study at the teacher training college out at Mölnlycke is it 
2: . Mölndal 
1: Mölndal 
2: yeah it's (em) . pedagogic . and . not really: . anything to have . most of the people's say . that it's not very good  
1:  oh 
2:  so yeah . but . I dunno 

