<h nt"SW" nr"SW041">


<Part 1>


1: right . well you've chosen topic number one so 
2:  yes 
1:  would you like to tell me about this experience you had 
2: (er) it's (eh) . not exactly an experience more like a . a bad period in life  (eh) a former boyfriend 
1: oh 
2: (eh) I used to have . used to date  (eh)  which .  (eh) it was not a very good relationship and: (eh) . the thing about it was that it's . it went on too long 
1: (uhu) 
2: so . (eh) what I learnt from it was that I should have broken up earlier 
1: (uhu) 
2: (eh) because I wasted . way too many  months on this . years actually    
1:   heavens  
2: on this   on this (eh) person (eh) . (er) who I don't ha even have any contact with today 
1: (uhu) . was this . (em) . a long . sort of . you know . relationship 
2: it was more than two years 
1: (uhu) 
2: so i it was long for me I was only . it was it was between I was eighteen and twenty . I could have done . better things with a man  with my time   
1:   yes  
2:   
1: was this the sort of (eh) a relationship that you you got really involved in it took up  all of your time  
2:  (er) it took up all of my time and (eh) it got to a point where  (er) things my friends said to me good things it didn't really matter the only thing that mattered was what he said to me 
1: (uhu) 
2: so he was (eh) y controlled my life .. too much 
1: (uhu) . (eh) did you sort of . suspect very early on that . this wasn't a good relationship or d'you sort of pushed that thought   aside or something 
2:  (er) 
1: or what 
2: (eh) . I thought it was a good relationship but I I was warned by   all my friends  and my family and  (eh) 
1:  (uhu) 
2: that made me  eager to  prove them wrong  
1: (uhu) . what was it about (eh) the two of you th that didn't work out I mean do you think that basically you were very different 
2: . (mm) 
1: in the end you saw that you  were 
2:  we were . I don at a glance at it we were kind of (mm) the same  we liked the same kind of music the same things to do  (er) . but I think we w . were very different on the inside 
1: (uhu) 
2: we had a different way to think  (er) he was very black and white with everything 
1: (uhu) 
2: and I liked to analyse things    
1:   
2: a lot more  
1: (uhu) 
2: too much  actually 
1:  did did you discuss (eh) (eh) you know things together and try and work it out 
2: I discussed 
1: (uhu) 
2: he he didn't really want to talk  (eh) which made me sad and then  (er) I wanted to talk more and then he got . sick of talking 
1: (uhu) 
2: so 
1: . if you were in a situation now where your your best friend . was in a similar relationship . and you knew that you know from experience that this might be hurtful and not work 
2: (mm) 
1: for her . how would you try and get her to see what you see . now 
2: (er) I just . try to tell my friends (eh) . that are in the situation what I . experienced and (eh) . how I felt and (eh) . what I tried to do to . feel better and I . tell them it that it took over a year for me . to feel good again after this relationship was over  over and I don't want that to happen for them so I  try to tell them to just . think about oth other things . and . just . do . things that are fun . (eh) for . yourself and not for just be a little bit more selfish 
1: (uhu) .. do you think that you should interfere with someone else's relationship . (eh) or do you think they should learn themselves you know what's right and wrong 
2: (em) . if they ask for help you should interfere 
1: (mhm) 
2: maybe that's not in interfering 
1: no no 
2: that's  basic  basically just helping  (eh) .. I think you should interfere .  (er) 
1:  I mean 
2: if it . not not at f first maybe if they don't see any of the warning signs 
1: (uhu) 
2: if it . goes on too long 
1: (uhu) 
2: then you should . maybe  say something but on the other hand it didn't really help for  me when other people tried to interfere   so I don't know really 
1: I mean you said your parents . (eh) you know were concerned 
2: (mm) 
1: did you listen to them at all 
2: <tuts> (er) I listened but I didn't hear   
1:   .. so your parents are not the perhaps the best people to talk to . in a situation like that 
2: not for me 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  maybe for other people 
1: (uhu) .. are you a little bit more (em) <tuts>. sceptical now about a relationship or do you think that 
2: yeah I'm ver very much so I haven't been in a  long relationship . since 
1: (uhu) . so you're more demanding now 
2: I think so 
1: (mhm) .. well that sounds like . you know a  good experience 
2:   
1: in some ways 
2:  I wrote my B-level  (eh) essay . on  this subject   
1:  (uhu) so it's something that you feel very strongly about 
2: yeah  
1: well . (em) . it's obviously you know sort of had a big impact on you 
2: it has 
1: okay thank you 
2: thank you 



<Part 2>


1: do you like looking at paintings yourself 
2: . no not really . just more pictures 
1:  (uhu) 
2:  photographs . not really paintings 
1: have you ever thought of having your you know your picture painted or or drawn . you know these street artists that offer to do your portrait 
2: no I haven't I haven't  I haven't (eh) really .  no I haven't done it  I haven't 
1:  why not 
2: even thought of it 
1: if if if a friend  said 
2:  s 
1: I'll . you know I want you to . get your portrait done so I can . as a souvenir or as a memento . would you do it 
2: (mm) no . I don't kn when I walk around in the . town  I I don't like sitting down . for that long   
1:   
2: I do I wouldn't want to 
1: .. do you think that people . if they do have their portrait done . they want it . a little bit enhanced so they they look more beautiful than or . you know . they look nicer . than they really are 
2: yeah I think so . otherwise they could just take a photograph . and have the . have the honest picture of you   
1:   how do you tend to react to photographs of yourself . you . do you think . that you you're generally photogenic . that you like what you see or do you . are you surprised that you look the way you look this is not your self image you know 
2: (em) <tuts> I accept it   
1:   
2:   (er) 
1:  which means what 
2: I mean sometimes I I look good in a photograph if it's a close up and I open my eyes really big 
1: (uhu) 
2: then I can look good . but (eh) . <tuts> (em) . it's it's been a long time since I had a lot of photographs taken 
1: (mhm) 
2: in years .. except for like (eh) . party photographs .  when you're drinking and 
1:  yeah 
2: . they can look kind of . funny 
1:  yes   yeah 
2:  I haven't had a real photograph taken . like a . like a like a photographer  where 
1:  (uhu) 
2: at school . you did in high school but . it's a long time ago  now  
1: if you were to have a professional photograph taken . how would you like you know the s the sort of (eh) the setting and . and your own sort of your dress and things like that wha wha would you . how would you arrange it 
2: <tuts> I would have a little dog in front of me 
1:   
2:   and then my parents behind  . no . (er)  I  I think I would like to (em) . (em) <swallows> do like (eh) a nude picture 
1: really 
2: yeah 
1: why 
2: because that would have been funny to see . how it would be I haven't done it in a professional way 
1: would you show it I mean to anyone 
2: (er) yeah 
1: if it was artistically done you mean 
2: yes  I would do that 
1:  all right . a bit like (em) . the Titanic film I think remember  that 
2:  yeah 
1: drawing . (eh) you should think  about it it might be nice 
2:   
1: okay that's it 
2: thank you 
1: thank you 
