<h nt"SW" nr"SW025">


<Part 1>


1: right <name of student> you've chosen topic number three 
2: yeah 
1: could you talk a little about that please 
2: (er) I saw a film last night it's called (eh) . Moulin Rouge 
1: (uhu) 
2: I think it is the same in English 
1: yeah 
2: and (eh)  I think it was really good I've been like longing to see it for a long time I went I was going to go to the cinema but I . rented it instead now I saw it on video 
1: is it on video already 
2: yeah . and I like the actors Ewan McGregor a Scottish actor . who was in Trainspotting  as well 
1:  that's right yeah 
2: and (eh) it's kind of a musical . a romantic musical . so there's a lot of singing and (eh) you can recognise . texts from all different love songs from Eric Clapton and Elton John and (eh)  all different artists in this (er) film which is actually in in France . nineteen hundred the year nineteen hundred 
1: (uhu) 
2: and Nirvana's songs as well  this is (mm) you know it's not really (eh) real . but I think it was good . because (em)  th so much you know nice clothes and (eh) shoes and (eh) hair and everything . it's very well done 
1: it's a love story is it 
2: yeah . it's a tragic love story  and I'm writing my C essay about tragic love stories now  so I think it's 
1:   
2: yeah you know I like that theme  
1: is it moving I mean you know  do you really feel 
2:  (eh) yeah but it still is a is quite funny it's a co like a comedy 
1: (mhm) 
2: but (eh) .. it's sad . as well so y yeah you get moved from it 
1: what's the sort of basic storyline when you  say it's tragic 
2:  it's a . it's a poor writer  and (eh) this girl who's a courtesan or like a prostitute 
1: (uhu) 
2: and (eh) they they meet through a misunderstanding they meet she thinks he's much richer or some kind of a duke or something but he's just a poor writer and they fall in love and they are not allowed to be together because she . she has to: to be with this duke to get the theatre running or something like that 
1: (uhu) 
2: because he's pumping money into the business  so: and she's she's ill as well she has a: I don't know what you call it (eh) . in the lungs 
1: sort of tuberculosis 
2: yeah 
1: (mhm) 
2: so you know that she's going to die and they're so much in love and they can't see each other all the time because the the boss is looking like (eh) over them 'n stuff  but yeah . it is a moving story 
1: (uhu) 
2:  yeah  


<Part 2>



1: (em) . do you prefer to see the film you know at home on video or or at the cinema normally d'you 
2: I like to see films at home 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  because then if you want to you can go to the bathroom and you can . you know rewind if you want to see  something  again and stuff 
1:   
2: like that  
1: yeah 
2: cinema is another experience 
1: (mhm) 
2: I used to work in the cinema for a while when I lived in London 
1: heavens 
2: (eh) at the Empire at Leicester square 
1: wow 
2: it's one of the oldest (mm) biggest 
1: yes it is 
2: and (er) then (eh)  when I was working I had to sit inside  watching films  all day long 
1:  
2: with my little flashlight if the  if the the customers wanted to go to the bathroom  when didn't find the way I had to 
1:  oh I see 
2: so then I got a little tired of it you know to sit  inside 
1:  yes 
2: the cinema all day long in the dark 
1: (uhu) 
2: <swallows> <tuts> bad 
1: you'd see the same film several times  a day 
2:  yeah 
1: yeah that would be a  bit tedious 
2:  I saw Saving Private Ryan which is kind of: a war  film with blood  and you know fighting (eh) it's three hours long I  think as well 
1:  yes 
2:  I saw that one for like days and days 
1: heavens 
2: I've seen it probably  a hundred times    
1:   well I can appreciate why you like to see video   
2:  yeah  you get tired of it  after 
1:  laughs 
2: a while  

