<h nt"SW" nr"SW005">


<Part 1>



2: so you you just want me to to start start talking 
1:  yes please 
2:  immediately yeah (erm) . well as as I work as a as a courier .. for coach parties I thought I could (eh) . just tell you something about that and (eh) 
1:  great 
2:  one of the countries I go to and that is Scotland 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  (er) and I'm going there next next Saturday . (er) . and I: I came to Scotland for my first time (erm) last year and (er) I had never been there before and it was (eh) . it it was really a nice nice impression . immediately . (erm) . I like the the country . just to to look at the the scenery and (er) (erm) see the differences between (er) the lowlands and the highlands . really beautiful . (er) and I also was very impressed b (erm) . by the (em) . (eh) the people 
1: (mm) 
 2: because they're very nice . they are in England too but  (er) Sco (eh) Scottish 
1:   
2: people they . they seem to be: to be very nice . and friendly and (eh) (er) when you come when you come to a place they're very interested (erm) to to hear about you and to (eh) to know who you are and (er) things like that so (em) . yeah 
1: how long do you do you go there with 
2: (er) normally it's for nine days . and (eh) we go we go all the way from Sweden so that means we're actually just in Scotland for three days 
1:  oh 
2:  so that's quite a short trip (er) because it's it's (eh) quite a long way from here to to Scotland and sometimes people don't realise that when they . buy such a such a trip (er) and they . almost get a bit disappointed in the end because . (em) it's a bit . (em) it's a bit long way to go in the coach . instead of flying  so (erm)  but it's .. <clears throat> 
1:  (mm)  so where are you the other six days 
2: in the coach . we go all the way from: from (eh) Malmö . to (eh) (eh) through through Denmark through Germany . and then . Calais Dover . and then all the way up and and we visit London for for one night and one evening so that's . that's a a bit of a treat really so t to be able to get there as well . (erm) but Scotland is that's one of my favourite I I also go to Italy a bit . but Scotland is . one of the favourites  yeah <clears throat> 
1:  where where do you go in Scotland with the group 
2: (erm) normally we go to (er) . to (eh) w so we visit we visit one place where we stay all the time (er) and that's a little place this year called <name of place> and (erm) that's (er) sort of (er) in the middle (erm) . in between Edinburgh and (eh) Inverness . so that's (er) in the Highlands .. really (erm) and then we go (eh) visiting . whisky distillery of course 
1: (mm) 
2: go to a castle . (erm) we go to Edinburgh of course and (em) . yeah .. that's basically what we  have time with really  
1: and who are the typical  people who 
2:  <clears throat> 
1: go on this kind of trip 
2: (erm) . for these (eh) Scotland trips (eh) normally they are quite . middle aged and over .. (er) not many kids or so but when when I . do trips to to London they . they could be . everything from infants to (eh) really really old people 
1: (mm) 
2: so that's very nice and often the people get very . (erm) they they get sort of they they become a group really and (erm) . ye yeah they they get to know each other and they get friendly and . mostly   most of the times 
1:   
2: sometimes they can be (eh) . pain   so 
1:  what are your duties .  
2: my duties as a courier (er) .. to get everything sorted out . really (erm) to take care of the group (er) take care of the (em) (er) hotel check-in . s and (erm) (er) to do the guiding (erm) . serve coffee (er) well . everything you can imagine . stay with (eh) people if they get sick and you have to go to the hospital . (eh) that's happened sometimes (erm) . yeah . everything you can imagine so that's I enjoy it most of the time because most most of the times . people are very friendly . (er) and they (eh) . they (er) really enjoy being on a trip . and on such a trip a coach trip because the they they have they know they have bought this kind of trip and they know that . (erm) . it's it's a special . type of organisation wh when it's such a . like a coach party 
1: (mm) 
2: because you you become like (eh) a group and (eh) it's not like if you go t o with a sh charter . charter trip .  (eh) 
1:  (mm) 
2: cos then you . you normally take care of yourself . and (erm) maybe y you choose to to go with a an organised tour maybe for one day or two days but this is like organised . every minute   almost 
1:  (mhm) 
2: and some people don't like that but they they know . that most of the times when they .. come  to the trip 
1:  yeah . when they  book it yeah 
2:  so yeah 
1: where else do you go with  these . trips 
2:  <clears throat> (er) so so I do this London . (er) tour so so London and Scotland and (er) . (eh) normally I I do this (eh) Italy to the Italian Riviera 
1: (mhm) 
2: and that's very nice . get to see the . the ocean  and (er) that trip is very nice as well because if you compare that to to for instance London . London is very organised all the time and (er) lots of . guided tours for me to to work . with and (eh) . (eh) . the Italian trip is . better because (er) it's only . one (eh) one evening that you have to work actually 
1: (mhm) 
2: and that's when we go to Monaco so that's not very . (em) .. well th it's of course you have to work but it it's a very nice trip . people like it we go to the casino and things like that and it's beautiful so . (er) and the other nights (erm) . you're free . and that's good 
1: yeah 
2: so you can: sit next to the ocean with a drink and  just enjoy 
1:  very nice 
2:  enjoy life and then you you work all all days of course but . not not in the evenings . and (er) yeah . and (er) I've also (er) done one one trip to (em) . (eh) Prague . do you  say that . Pray Pray 
1:  (mm) . Prague 
2: Prague 
1: (mm) 
2: and Budapest 
1: (mhm) 
2: and that was a month ago .. 
1: okay 
2: so (erm) . I caught a disease that was not very   very good but (eh) 
1:  oh 
2: I'm well now so . yeah but oth otherwise I I like those two cities as well they were . really beautiful 
1: but is it is it the same thing as with the England trip that you have sort of a lot of time . on the on the coach getting there and not much time  there or 
2:  (erm) . well that that trip was quite actually it's . Prague is not very far away you think that you may think that but it's (eh) . (em) because we we had this we started . in Värmland  so that's quite far . far away (eh) up here in Sweden so we started there and . our first night was outside (em) .. (eh) what's it called (er) Name . in Germany and then the second day we just had . had the trip to . to . the Czech . Czech republic  
1: okay Czech 
2: Czech yeah . so (erm) . it was not really too far away just two days and that's . yeah I think that's okay  
1: yeah  yeah 
2:  I've I've got used to to (eh) going in in a coach now so 
1:  
2: for me it's not a problem 
1: no 
2: really but (erm) . yeah so we had . sort of (eh) one (er) one evening . first in in Prague and then just one day in Prague so that was quite quite a short stay in Prague . and (em) . then we had . (erm) first one one evening in in Budapest and then two . two whole days so we could . see the see the city and . do some . do some stuff so that's 

