<h nt"SW" nr"SW021">

<Part 1>


1: I just give you a few minutes to look through them 
2: yeah 
1: and then you can (er) pick a one and talk for about three or f four minutes and then we'll just carry on the conversation 
2: (mm) 
1: and then I'm gonna show you just one or two pictures which you can just talk about 
2: all right 
1: so it's you know it's not a test at  all 
2:  no no 
1: it's just to get you to talk 
2: okay  yeah 
1:  okay good well have a look at (eh) these three topics and choose one that you think you know you might be able to talk a little bit about . and then we'll take it from there okay just spend a few minutes looking at that first 
2: .. can I take (erm) a book instead of a film  or a play 
1:  yeah that's fine  that's fine 
2:  good  because (em) . (erm) on the C level (eh) I think you was my teacher 
1: yes 
2: and we read some a book called ..  I don't remember the title but it  was about 
1:  wasn't Dirty Weekend was it 
2: no no  it wa it was about (eh) twins 
1:  no  
2: in i . India 
1: oh  that's right 
2:  two boy t a boy and a girl 
1: (eh) it's the (eh) God of Small Things 
2: yeah yeah that's called 
1: (mm) 
2: and I'm a twin myself so I really liked it and  i it (em) . yeah yeah I 
1: perhaps you could talk about that you know why you thought it was particularly good or . (erm) 
2: (mm) because I I like the way she had described how twins . talked and understood each other because it was exactly . like . me and my sister 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  so I just (eh) . (eh) . it moved me in a way . (eh) . and it was (eh) yeah it was nice written and everything so 
1: what did you recognise from your own childhood you know  (er) you being 
2:  (erm) 
1: a twin 
2: (eh) it was mostly the thoughts . that they: they had s the same thoughts and sh (eh) the sister could understand (eh) . the boy and . yeah it was just (em) . she described it as almost like she was a twin herself 
1: yes yeah 
2: I dunno if she is I don't think she is but 
1: I don't think so  no 
2:  no but it was very .. yeah I just felt that oh my God 
1: (uhu) 
2: .. it's I I can't say anything m more about it but it was . nice 
