<h nt"SW" nr"SW027">

<Part 1>



1: right <name of student> would you like to talk about a country you've just visited 
2: yes I would (em) I went on holiday with (em) my mother and my brother and <tuts> I dunno what to say it's my mother's . boyfriend or man or I dunno  what it's 
1:  (uhu) 
2: called 
1:  (uhu) 
2:  when when they're tha that old  but (em) and we went to the Dominican Republic 
1: wow 
2: for a week  and so (em)  I think the flight took about . ten or eleven hours because we had to go . via O (eh) Oslo 
1: (uhu) 
2: and (em) . and (em) yeah and we we when we stepped off the plane it was really really hot  the first 
1:  oh 
2: thing I felt was that extreme heat  and it was very very nice 
1:  I´m sure  
2: and we lived in a  (em) in an old (eh) inclusive hotel and all that so it was really . luxurious . and (em) . very nice and all we did was . we: we: sunbathed and we  (eh) swam in the sea and we ate a lot so that  was i 
1:  sounds perfect 
2: yeah it was really  
1: did you see much of it's an island is it 
2: yes it's an island it's . ha half of it is the Dominican Republic and half is Haiti 
1: (uhu) 
2: . yeah and we  <tuts> we didn't see (eh) since we lived in: we lived in an a all inclusive that was sort of you didn't <tuts>  you didn't leave the area that much really because it was   it's very poor outside and I mean . we went to see (erm) . I think where Columbus first (em) . arrived . arrived yeah in in I think nineteen fourteen ninety-three 
1: (mhm) 
2: (erm) . and so tha then we took like a ride through through the island and . we saw a lot of . a lot of (em) . there were li little s (eh) houses . along the ways and  (eh) along the road and it was . really they they were painted in bright colours it felt really exotic because 
1: yeah 
2: in Sweden you know everyone paint the their houses they're painted you know in  in a sp  special  kind of red colour and all that  and thi this was like (eh) neon yellow and pink and . (eh) and all sorts of orange and so it was really bright and . maybe just to (em) . I don´t know an attempt to (eh) make their miserable lives  a bit  brighter I don´t know 
1: did you get off the bus o or you  know  
2:  yeah we got off the bus and <swallows> and we walked around a bit and (eh) it's a city called Puerto Plata 
1: (mhm) 
2: it's in (eh) . I think that's the sort of . sort of the capital  (erm) and it's really . but it's a bit (eh) I think because my . my mother's boyfriend's son  he's also been to Cuba  
1:  (uhu) 
2:  and he said that . that it's very similar  with (em) sort of American influences and all that  it's 
1:  (mhm) 
2: you know the Coca Cola signs and the 
1: (mhm) 
2: Burger Kings and all that  but he said also that Cuba is actually . it's it's (eh) poorer because 
1: yeah 
2: I think I think that's (eh) there isn't as much tourism in Cuba  as it 
1:  (mm) 
2: is in the Dominican Republic  and therefore  maybe people do  they have a bit m more money because they make money off th the tourists maybe 
1: do they speak Spanish 
2: yeah they speak Spanish 
1: oh and how did you manage (eh)   
2:  well (em) . I I'm supposed to be very good at Spanish  but 
1:   
2: I'm not because I've been studying Spanish for maybe six years or something now 
1: (uhu) 
2:  so: bu when I dunno it's . sort of . I always manage to to not be  I´m not able to speak Spanish when  when I'm supposed to because  you you're you're supposed to say things like maybe  (mm) . you know red wine please and  stuff 
1:  (mhm) 
2: like that and that's really just . pff I don't know and then then if you're supposed to speak  a bit more maybe ask him a about the weather (eh) (em) ask the:  the staff of the hotel maybe about the weather or  about the swimming or something like that it's: sort of very hard  because I . just . I don't know   
1:  so you spoke English  mostly 
2:  I spoke English mostly yeah and Swedish  with my . with my family yeah . and all 
1: is it (em) . cheap to live there 
2: (erm) . cheap I I'm not really sure since we (em)  yeah it it's pretty cheap for us for for (erm) Europeans I think 
1: (mhm) 
2: because . (eh) also there is this (eh) this son of . my mother's . man  (em) he he (em) he's sort of wild and crazy so he he he did stuff that we . the others didn´t . really have the guts to do 
1: (uhu) 
2: so he went (eh) he went into Puerto Plata alone and  and he went to gay bars and  and discos and stuff and he said that I think . a drink maybe in Sweden it can cost anything from maybe fifty-five to almost seventy crones 
1: yeah 
2: and there it was like maybe pff twenty thirty something like that . I'm no I don't remember exactly what he said but something  very cheap it was ..  for us 
1:  did you did you buy anything in the way of souvenirs 
2:  I bought a bottle of rum   
1:   
2: and (eh) (em) my mother and (eh) her her man they're sort of (em) suckers for all the the African ar arts 
1: (uhu) 
2: artefacts you know like wooden masks and 
1: (mhm) 
2: stuff to put on the walls but I . I didn´t want any of that .  really 
1:  (mhm) 
2: (erm) so I bought rum and I bought some: some coffee that was really good 
1: (mhm) 
2: because they're sort of . good at making coffee 
1: yes 
2: yeah 
1: so it's a holiday you can recommend just to relax and 
2: yeah  yeah 
1:   for a 
2: I can but it's I think (erm) since I didn't pay . <puffs> I didn't pay for the whole trip and the  I think it's very expensive .  but 
1:  is it 
2: yeah <swallows> but my mother saved up some money so she she helped . out . otherwise I wouldn't ha I wouldn't have affo I could af I couldn't have . afforded it 
1: and you flew back by via Oslo again or 
2: no via Copenhagen that  time actually 
1:  oh well you saw a bit of Scandinavia on the way 
2: yeah . yeah sort of 
1: . okay thank  you 
2:  (mm) 


