<h nt"SW" nr"SW047">


<Part 1>




1:  signal . all right  right you've chosen topic number two you want to talk about a country that . you visited . recently or 
2:  yeah 
1:  that impressed you 
2: that's right cos I . I went to Malta 
1: all  right 
2:  and it was a really really nice place I didn't know very much about it before . I went there . just that it was very small and it had been . belonged to: Great Britain for a long time  and 
1: yeah 
2: it's . was very fascinating with so much history 
1: yes 
2: just to see . the old buildings and just (eh) . we went on this guided bus tour where . the guide told us very much about everything we saw on the way 
1: (uhu) 
2: nearly everything had to do with some historic  event or something 
1:   yes I see  
2: and it was so beautiful it was like 
1: (uhu) 
2: it's so small so you practically see the sea everywhere and it's . <tuts> well the houses are built in this . sandstone I think it is  so it's kind of 
1:  (uhu) 
2: this . beige colour . so it's very light everything 
1: are people very English there would you say  or British 
2:  (erm) 
1: or 
2: that's wh so fascinating it was . a bit of everything .  cos 
1:  (mm) 
2: sometimes I felt like I was in England because there was so many English people or British people and there were like British pubs and 
1: (uhu) 
2: and (eh) you could get fish and chips everywhere and  stuff like that 
1:   
2: but then  it was also like . (er) southern Europe very much  cos I li 
1:  all right 
2: I lived in Spain for a while . so I got reminded of Spain as well 
1: (uhu) 
2: I don't know that (eh) maybe the mentality m more and . things you get could get in the store everything like that it was just 
1:  (uhu) 
2:  so much . and . then it was a bit like (eh) the Middle East because of the colours and of I mean even the: . the features of the people  looked a bit Arabic and the language too was so weird it was like 
1: there is a separate language 
2: yeah Ma Maltesian  I think it is 
1:  and . is that spoken everywhere I mean you hear that  spoken everywhere 
2:  yeah they have all the signs are in in both in English and in Maltese  Maltesia 
1:  (mhm) 
2: I dunno . what it's called 
1: and what sort of language is that  do you know 
2:  it's (eh) the g the guide on the bus told us it was it's sixty per cent Arabic 
1:  heavens 
2:  and then the rest is (er) . I think (er) . English and . and Romance language something like that it's it's from Latin mostly 
1: so there's nothing really you understand  (er) 
2:  nothing nothing at all it's it w it sounded so strange (er) 
1:  yeah 
2:  it was . one minute it sounded like Italian and next it was like Arabic and . but they don't have they don't h write in Arabic writing they  write  
1:  all right 
2: sort of our letters so . but it was impossible to make any sense of what we read  on those signs  
1: does that mean that people are mostly bilingual there 
2: yes 
1:   
2:  people could speak English everywhere 
1:  (uhu) 
2:  so that was also kind of . good when you come as a tourist to 
1: yes 
2: don't have any problem with the language 
1: (uhu) . (em) . it's famous for the Maltese cross isn't it 
2: yeah 
1: which is 
2: it's some  (er) 
1:  (em) . is that a: a knight  an order of the knight 
2:  yeah 
1:  or something 
2:  (eh) jo <foreign> johanniterordern </foreign> it's in Swedish  I don't know what it is in English 
1:  (uhu) . (mhm) 
1: and . is it basically an island for tourists or wh or do they do anything else did they grow anything or 
2: no it's it's basically: I think they're live a lot on tourism 
1: (mhm) 
2: because (er) and a lot of . and it's also (erm) . many people who live there they are: . they have like two passports they come from Britain but they also have a Maltesian . men they are like mixed .  marriages between Britain because 
1:  yeah . (uhu) 
2: I dunno if they have a special status or if it's just . that there are very many English people there 
1:  yes yeah 
2:  but (eh) 
1: (erm) . what about the you know the beaches and the sort of tourists resorts are they very sort of commercialised and (eh) 
2: (erm) no not where I was it was very: . I mean there were a lot of like restaurants and and pubs and well .. not entertainment really but it was just it was like this long . <tuts> (eh) you just walked along the sea and it was (eh) I was in this small place called St Julians and then . you just walked for like half an hour and then you were in the next place  called <name of place> 
1:   
2: and you didn't know where one st st[ended 
1:  all right 
2: and the other one started so . (er) . and there but there was more they had like a little harbour and then there we wer there weren't many tourists at all because I was there kind of off season  so 
1:  (uhu) 
2: but (er) 
1: can you eat . you know A Arabic food there . I mean as well as the fish and chips (er) 
2: (erm) they have Maltesian food they eat a lot of rabbit 
1:  really 
2:  and like and (erm) . what else yeah m ba m m m mostly rabbit that's their like traditional .  dish 
1:  and how is it cooked is it like in a  casserole or 
2:   I didn't try it  
1:   you didn't try it 
2:   so I don't know   
1:  no 
2:  
1: (uhu) 
2: but it's a lot of Italian food I ate mostly Italian  food  pasta 
1:  all right yeah 
2: and they had a special pizza that's very good and 
1: (uhu) 
2: and (em) . just basically a lot of . cos it's very close to Sicily too so it's  kind of influenced by Italians 
1:  yes . yeah 
2:  culture  
1:  what made you go there in first place was it just a a 
2: (erm) it was cheap 
1: by  chance 
2:  and  it was it felt kind of exotic 
1: (mhm) 
2: (er) I went with my boyfriend he'd been there before .  so 
1:  all right 
2: he was like you have to go see it cos it's so nice  so 
1:  (uhu) 
2: that was . basically why 
1: yeah  sounds like a nice place 
2: yes I can really recommend it   
1:  yeah  
