<h nt"SW" nr"SW024">


<Part 1>


1: right (eh) <name of student> (eh) I'd like you to talk about topic number . two 
2: number two 
1:  yeah 
2:  yes . (em) well (em) I thought I might . just talk about New Zealand because I like that country very much  it's a . well its scenery impressed me very much and the people . the people were very . very nice and very friendly and . the life they had there was . it seemed very free to me you could . I was .. you could build your own house just on this land and . sort of live in a tent while you were building it because there was such a nice climate there and . you could . I dunno you could  have a nice garden with lots of fruits and vegetables  and 
1:  laughs> 
2: and it was just so . laid back and . you don't have to . build your house a certain way because there's so much snow in the winter so . you know (erm) you could just .. es it seemed to be a land where you could  use your imagination and and (em) . well . do what you wanted to do 
1: (mhm) . where were you in New Zealand 
2: well I travelled around a bit mostly on the south island .  because 
1:  which is a bit colder than  the north island> 
2:  yes it's a b it's a bit colder I mean they have everything there except desert really they they've got sort of tropical . areas in the north of New Zealand and in the south it's more like .. Norway in the very very south of the country and then . they've got glaciers somewhere in the high mountains and forests and  green hills and   
1:  (mhm) 
2: nice beaches and it's . well it's a . they've got everything 
1: (mhm) . some people say that (eh) they're very English in New Zealand . they are almost more English than the English 
2: the English  (erm) 
1:  did you notice that at all 
2: well they they play cricket   
1:  <laughs 
2: but (em) I'm not I'm not sure if I agree with that but . if I compare them to the . Australian people I met (em) . I'd say they were more English in  New Zealand 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  the Australians were more . showing off sort of thing  when they were doing . whatever they were doing but they were nice too 
1: (mhm) . what about the Maoris did you see you know Maori culture or Maori people 
2: well  some 
1:  when you were there 
2: some (eh) we went to this centre which . wasn't .. that nice I mean it was very: sort of touristy: bu: sort of thing but (eh) . (erm) . I stayed with a family who had Maori . relatives I don't know if th I think the husband in the family was half Maori or something <swallows> and he spoke very warmly about the culture and  and I think . I think they are . they are very . I think they want to they want to preserve it 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  they want to to sort of keep their language and . (eh) and their culture going and we hitchhiked once with some Maoris but   I dunno 
1:  so it's it's not like in Australia where aborigines you know are sort of second class citizens that . do you get much racism in New Zealand 
2: not that I noticed but . I g I I'm sure there are some people who who think that way but . but (em) it's not like the Maoris live out in the bush 
1: (mhm) 
2: they're . integrated in the 
1: (mhm) 
2: in the society 
1: (mhm) . so you were just spending your holidays there you didn't live or work there for 
2: well I worked on on some farms 
1: (mhm) 
2: but it was very . I mean I worked maybe four hours a day or something it's what  it's with WWOOF I don't know if you've heard  of them  willing 
1:  no 
2: workers on organic farms  
1:   
2:   it's a very good I mean it's it's a good . good idea and a good thing and I did it in Scotland and Wales 
1: (uhu) 
2: too for a bit . it's <breathes in> sort of the idea of an exchange that people can come and work and learn and . and the farmers get to to meet people from different countries and 
1: (uhu) 
2: and (em) 
1: so what sort of farm was it in New Zealand 
2: it was (erm) . first we went to this . pretty small place they had . two three cows or something and . just a few chickens and we just helped them to dig some sort of ditch an': cut some: bushes an' . it was very . well we milked cow in the mornings and 
1: (uhu) 
2: was kind of laid back we just . well . we spent time with the family and . went . bicycling on their bikes and 
1: do they pay you for this or  no they just give you 
2:  no 
1:  food and lodging 
2:  yeah ..  yeah  
1: so this is a world-wide organization is it 
2: yeah 
1: where are you off to next   
2:   I am not sure 
1: (mhm) 
2: maybe back too New Zealand (eh) I don't know . but (em) they exist in in England and . lots of countries in Europe  and 
1:  (mhm) 
2: in the States and even in Thailand and India I think 
1: (uhu) 
2: Australia and New Zealand 
1: do you have to pay to be a member or to 
2: I think I paid ten pounds to get (eh) these booklets they've got booklets it's a sort of . yeah you get a booklet with all the addresses and then take contact with the farmers yourself you write a letter  or 
1:  I: see 
2: phone them 
1: and you pay for your own trip though .   
2:  oh yes yes pay for for ev everything but 
1: (uhu) 
2: it's just . money to to: I guess pay for the the the printing of the booklets 
1: (mm) 
2: for each country 
1: (mhm) 
2: so it's a . none to none profit organization I think 



<Part 2>



1: do you like looking at paintings yourself 
2: yeah 
1: what sort of paintings do you like to see 
2: well . I'd . I'm not so keen on pictures (eh) with just dots and and sort of just brown and black (er) which I don't understand 
1: (uhu) 
2: I I think I am more more of a . <tuts>  I want them to to (er) I want it to be something on the picture like (eh) I want to see what it is 
1: yeah 
2:  and I like big pictures 
1:  
2: I like   
1:   
2: like renaissance o o like with lots of people in in colours in and s of light in 
1: (uhu) 
2: that's . that's nice 
1: do you have any favourite artists 
2: oh favourite artist I like Hundertwasser 
1:  (uhu) 
2:  it's a he's a p I think he is from  (eh) . Austria I  think 
1:  (mhm) 
2: (erm) that's he paints with a lot of colours and sort of . (em) . shapes 
1: (uhu) 
2: spirals and 
1: that sounds very abstract 
2:  well it's not really  I mean he does paint like trees and people and 
1: (uhu) 
2: and even though I mean it's not (eh) it's not like a photograph or anything but I can see what it is 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  or I could imagine and I mean if it's a spiral I know it's a spiral it doesn't have to be I mean . a living thing but (eh)  his his colours are very nice 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  the way he works with them .. and (em) . (mm) 
1: do you like seeing (eh) looking at portraits of people 
2: (erm) . well they have to be (er) they have to be . saying something more than just . than just a picture a person has to have an expression of some kind to  be interesting 
1:  (uhu) 
2: I think 
1: would you like to have your own (eh) portrait your self portrait 
2:  
1:  on the wall 
2: well no I don't think so . not really 
1: why not 
2: (mm) like I said depends who painted it I wouldn't like to do it myself  and I 
1:  (uhu) 
2: I think it would have to be some sort of (erm) . imaginative picture with sort of something than just me on it 
1: so you've never been tempted to get your portrait done in the street when you see these street artists   
2:  no no no they're horrible no  
1: well 
2:  
1: perhaps an abstract portrait 
2:  <sniffs> 
1:  of yourself might be 
2: oh  maybe maybe 
1:  intriguing 
2: I guess they're not all horrible but some of most of them are 
1: they all seem to enhance you know the the subject 
2: yeah 
1: that's what perhaps you pay for 
2: (mhm) 
1: okay that's it 
2:  okay 
1:  thank you 
2: thanks 


