<h nt"SW" nr"SW019">

<Part 1>


2: mhm: ... <breathes in> okay shall I start 
1: yes that'd be great 
2: okay I'll take (em) a country that I've visited . I've only been to two countries 
1: alright 
2: no no no no no I've been to several but I've been to England a lot  and I r I really like England <sniffs> (erm) . hem . I'm I'm impressed by: the people . oh well I'm I'm not sure (mm) impressed maybe is not the word but   
1:  it's alright you don't have to be nice it's okay 
2: yeah . no the people are really nice they're always very polite . sort of they have (em) an attitude that is <tuts> well they're funny: . and . and nice and quite helpful . and (em) and I like the country because it's really beautiful 
1: (mm) 
2: and (em) well I've I've only been to . (eh) London and Brighton . well I've been to Cornwall as well 
1: (uhu) 
2: I have yeah . (erm) . well . and s it's sort of the the general attitude it's different from the one in Sweden I think . I think it's a bit more easy going there 
1: (uhu) 
2: <tuts> (eh) they're I know they're strict in some ways . like . (em) .. when you work in offices and things I think the dressing code is more strict there 
1: (mm) 
2: than in Sweden but then (erm) . <tuts> (erm) when when it's not when you're not in an office I mean the general dressing code is more relaxed there 
1: (mm) 
2: than here . so yeah I like I like England 
1: what's (em) do you find it crowded compared to Sweden . that's the first comment  I hear 
2:  yeah it is very crowded . and all the houses are like . stuck together . and everything but I think it's like sixty million people living in London . and it's like  eight 
1:  sixteen million yeah 
2: sixteen  yeah okay and it's like . ten million 
1:  yeah  sixty million in England 
2:  yeah exactly well and so yeah . it's crowded . it's a bit everything is a bit old in England but compared to Sweden but is quite .  it's a bit  is nice . (mm) 
1: what about London what did you think 
2: (eh) London is a bit too big it's nice to be there like a couple of days or something . is it's too big and is (er) people are stressed and things . (em) Brighton is a bit more relaxed . 
1: (mm) 
2: I really like that and it's on the coast as well . that's nice 
1: what about the places in Brighton the shops and the cafes 
2: oh that's wonderful <tuts> and all the pubs they have . and I mean for shopping it's excellent 
1: (mm) 
2: the North Lanes 
1: (mm) 
2: in yeah  they've got nice shops . and (er) yeah . it is it's a bit (em) it's a bit expensive if you live there 
1: (mm) 
2: but well 
1: you you talked about the housing before what did you think about the . housing situation 
2: (er) you mean hou hou 
1: what was the house like and 
2: <tuts> I lived in two different houses first I I used to stay with three (eh) anarchists 
1:  (uhu) 
2:  or two because I really wanted to you know live with English people and everything I thought that was really cool but <tuts> they never did the washing up and they never cleaned and (em) 
1: so that was anarchy 
2:  it was and the guy who owned the place he had three cats and he didn't want to give them (erm) 
1:   
2: . you know anti flea thingy because he thought it was (eh) cruel to the cats and to the fleas and everything 
1:   
2:  so I had like fleas in my bed 
1:   
2:   so after a month I moved out and I moved in with a with a family and they were: religious . but very nice but their house they were <tuts> they were Christians .. they were in a . (em) . sort of (em) evangelical church . they were really nice <tuts> their house was so tidy and there was no mould anywhere and it was you know flowers and everything that was really nice 
1: nice change 
2: nice change and they were very nice as well so I really liked that .. (mm) 
1: how long were you in in Brighton in total 
2: <tuts> for: a year or two two terms . I I did the B and C course there 
1: (mm) 
2: the University of Sussex 
1: (mhm) 
2: and I I I really want to go back I I like it so much 
1: alright 
2: and the spring comes early there . they have all the daffodils everywhere that we don't have in Sweden 
1: (mm) 
2: (mm) <tuts> yeah 

