<h nt"SW" nr"SW008">


<Part 1>


2:  (eh) 
1:  yeah topic two  yeah 
2:  yes I'm going to talk about Thailand .. which I visited (er) five years ago . with one of my best friends and we went to . Thailand and we stayed there for four months . and I think it's a very nice country because of the weather of course and then the people who live there are very friendly . and it's very beautiful and . it has a different variety of: . landscapes as well where you go depending on if you're on the coast or go to the jungle or ..  yeah 
1:  where did you go in Thailand 
2: basically everywhere . <clears throat> started up in the North and then we went to the South . so it was very nice 
1: and what sort of activities . did you do 
2: I went for trekking in the mountains . and elephants . we rode on elephants and (eh) yeah it was very nice and of course we have had a very good time by the beach and 
1: and  what about the people what did you think of the  Thai people 
2:    very very friendly and five years ago they still weren't tired of the . tourists perhaps they are now I don't know I haven't been there since then but (eh) they were very friendly to tourists . so this was very nice 
1: and the food 
2: excellent  so yeah . so we went there in December which is a very nice time to go to Thailand . of course it's because Sweden's very cold at the moment and Thailand has a very nice temperature then 
1: (mm) 
2: so it was a very nice . choice to go decide to go there 
1: and was this part of a longer trip or d'you just went to Thailand and came back 
2: we were going to go to . the plan was to go first to Thailand for one month <sniffs> Malaysia for one month and Indonesia for two months but we stayed in Thailand for three months and  Indonesia one month so . we fell in love with Thailand so 
1: (mhm) 
2: 's very nice 
1: and  what we 
2:  <begin breathing in> (mm) <end breathing in> 
1: the differences between Thailand and Indonesia that you noticed 
2: the people  very different . so . they were very friendly in Thailand and not so friendly in Indonesia (eh) . perhaps they weren't that . accustomed to tourists in where in the parts in Indonesia we went to . maybe that's why 
1: where did you go  in Indonesia 
2:  <sniffs> <tuts> Sumatra . to very small villages . an (eh) . an island . in a lake on Sumatra called Lake Toba . where there were mostly Muslims and perhaps not used to women travelling around I don't know . so it was very interesting but I .. perhaps it's better to go there now I think there have been more tourists . now since then . but it was very nice 
1: (mm) . 
