<h nt"SW" nr"SW021">

<Part 1>


1: I just give you a few minutes to look through them 
2: yeah 
1: and then you can (er) pick a one and talk for about three or f four minutes and then we'll just carry on the conversation 
2: (mm) 
1: and then I'm gonna show you just one or two pictures which you can just talk about 
2: all right 
1: so it's you know it's not a test at  all 
2:  no no 
1: it's just to get you to talk 
2: okay  yeah 
1:  okay good well have a look at (eh) these three topics and choose one that you think you know you might be able to talk a little bit about . and then we'll take it from there okay just spend a few minutes looking at that first 
2: .. can I take (erm) a book instead of a film  or a play 
1:  yeah that's fine  that's fine 
2:  good  because (em) . (erm) on the C level (eh) I think you was my teacher 
1: yes 
2: and we read some a book called ..  I don't remember the title but it  was about 
1:  wasn't Dirty Weekend was it 
2: no no  it wa it was about (eh) twins 
1:  no  
2: in i . India 
1: oh  that's right 
2:  two boy t a boy and a girl 
1: (eh) it's the (eh) God of Small Things 
2: yeah yeah that's called 
1: (mm) 
2: and I'm a twin myself so I really liked it and  i it (em) . yeah yeah I 
1: perhaps you could talk about that you know why you thought it was particularly good or . (erm) 
2: (mm) because I I like the way she had described how twins . talked and understood each other because it was exactly . like . me and my sister 
1:  (mhm) 
2:  so I just (eh) . (eh) . it moved me in a way . (eh) . and it was (eh) yeah it was nice written and everything so 
1: what did you recognise from your own childhood you know  (er) you being 
2:  (erm) 
1: a twin 
2: (eh) it was mostly the thoughts . that they: they had s the same thoughts and sh (eh) the sister could understand (eh) . the boy and . yeah it was just (em) . she described it as almost like she was a twin herself 
1: yes yeah 
2: I dunno if she is I don't think she is but 
1: I don't think so  no 
2:  no but it was very .. yeah I just felt that oh my God 
1: (uhu) 
2: .. it's I I can't say anything m more about it but it was . nice 

<Part 2>


1: so you have a twin brother 
2: no a sister 
1: (mhm) 
2: yeah 
1: (erm) <swallows> are you very different . you  know or . do you feel that you are 
2:  no 
1: two halves of the same whole 
2:  not that much but we are not very different we are very similar and  . (em) yeah wi it's not like we are . two parts of one thing but we are .. together (eh) it's almost the same together we . sort of . are more complete 
1: (mm) 
2: so 
1: what  about this idea of you know people say there's an element of telepathy 
2:   
1: between twins 
2: yeah 
1: is that true do you think 
2: yeah . I do 
1: how does that work 
2: I can understand or sort of feel . (er) what she thinks and (eh) whether she's (em) upset or something I can . understand why and I relate . to that 
1: is there a sort of a: (eh) you know a contrast between an active and a passive side that one of you is more active and dynamic and the other is more reflected . (er) and .  person 
2:  (erm) <swallows> maybe she's more active  than me . but (em) . in other areas I'm 
1:  (mhm) 
2: more active . and she's not so we sort of compare no not compare . (eh) what is it called .. oh  I dunno 
1:  you sort of complement each other 
2: yeah yeah 
1: are you identical twins 
2: yeah 
1: . so how: d . difficult is it to distinguish between you 
2: .. <tuts> (em) I don't think it's difficult at all  and not  our:  friends and 
1:    no  
2:  (erm) people who know us but (eh) . the teachers and (eh) other people think it's very difficult because we have the same voice and  well yeah we look the same 
1:  do you cultivate that . consciously that you make you know you dress the same 
2:   
1: when you're out  do you have the same hay 
2:  no no no 
1: hairstyle 
2: no we don't because we don't like being d compared to one  or . being 
1:  (mm) 
2: one person but . so we have . we never . use the same clothes and (em) anything . because   
1:  even when you were little . your parents didn't dress you the same 
2: no .. no 
1: that's strange . do you feel that (em) . you're closer to your sister because you're identical . rather than if you it was just an it's an  older or a younger sister 
2:  mm: yeah .. yeah comparing to my other . (mm) to my brother 
1: (mhm) 
2: we don't have the same contact at all .. because . no it's better with my sister 
1: are you closer you know even  now 
2:  yeah yeah . much closer . with her . than with my brother 
1: what about the way your parents treated you (erm) you know as identical  twins 
2:  (mm) 
1: what was that like 
2:  . they have treated us (eh) just .. well I can't compare because . I don't know how they would have treated me if I was on my own  not with my sister 
1:  (mm) 
2: so I can't . compare but I think they have treated us like  (erm) almost like . if w if we would be just two sisters  and not twins 
1:  yes 
2: I hope they have  but I'm not sh sure 
1:  (mm) 
2: but I think . so 
1: I saw a programme about (eh) . identical twins that had been separated when they were small 
2: oh right 
1: and then they f: rediscovered each other . you know as adults 
2: okay 
1: and they said that they were s nevertheless you know so similar 
2: yeah 
1: even though they had grown up in different families and they'd never really met at all . do you think that's true . or are they just making it up 
2: no I think it can be true 
1: (mm) 
2: but .. (erm) maybe it's it's it can be a bit .. you know you can question it because if they are raised in two different cities two different countries how . can they be . the same but you know . genes genetics 
1: yes that they s they said that it was  genetically (eh) you know (eh) they were 
2:  yeah 
1: so genetically linked 
2: (mm) 
1: that the environment didn't change that 
2:  no 
1:  wha what do you think about that 
2: well the: genetic . is .. (erm) but they are important of course but the environment I think it .  (em) impacts and changes the person as well 
1: (mm) 
2: so I don't know if it's (em) . if they just made it up . or not 
1: now that you know (em) . there is a debate about genetic manipulation  and you're 
2:  (mm) 
1: an identical twin 
2: yeah 
1: how do you feel about that this idea of cloning people . I  mean you're almost 
2:  (mm) 
1: cloned  yourself with your sister 
2:  yeah . I know but I don't cl think they should be doing that because that's too: risky 
1: (mhm) 
2: to make (em) copies I don't thi see why it's necessary and . well I suppose medical reasons or something but (eh) no I don't think they should be  you know . doing that 
1: you don't think that you're the living proof that even though you are very similar you almost look the same  you are two 
2:  yeah 
1: very different people 
2: yeah we are . and I mean it's <slight cough> although we are . we were born . at the same time and sort of conceived . exactly the same time but . still I don't think that you should . do it . (erm) with sheep 
1: no 
2: and (eh) . just to make an exact copy  I think that's  
1:  (mm) 
2: dangerous  or something 
1:  (uhu) yes 
2: yeah 

1: would you like to be painted . you know (erm) . together with your sister would you like a sort of a double portrait or do you find that irritating that you know . (em) . there's someone who looks almost like me 
2: (er) I dunno . it would be nice 
1:  (mm) 
2:  because  (eh) when when we: a i are in the same picture . like a photo . it's nice to compare 
1: (uhu) 
2: because I'll always I always see her like . I can't see myself next to her .. if it's not in the picture so pictures can be really nice to: study  you say oh I do look 
1:  (mm) 
2: the . the same   or something . ah so (mm) well a painting would be 
1:   yes 
2: nice 
1: (mm) 
2: (mm) 
1: you know we live in a society which is almost . totally preoccupied with . the image you know people are w worried about the way they look specially you know girls are under  a lot of pressure how do you deal with that 
2:  (mm) 
1: knowing that there is someone who looks just like you . you know 
2: no I think it's nice 
1: (mm) 
2: because . no I dea I never .. had any: you know irrita I've never been irritated about it so no I think it's nice . I mean we're not j identical you know that you can't . see differences between us but  it's nice to have . yeah to to look like someone else and to be similar to your parents and . you know 
1: (mm) 
2: so it's nice 
1: do you know what your sister's style is I mean you can tell when she's w wearing something that that is you or that is not you you know 
2: y yeah  
1: th you tell each other that do you 
2: yeah ..   
1:  and and are your are your styles very different 
2: (eh) not very no but . she dresses the more . (eh) .. well how do you say (eh) nice I mean I wear baggy clothes and  skateboard . shoes and everything and she's m more you know jeans and . sweater 
1: (mhm) 
2: but .. dunno 
1: do you think that you are growing more and more apart as you get older or the opposite . how do you feel about that 
2: more and more apart I think 
1: (mhm) 
2: yeah 
1: how does that express itself 
2: well . if (mm) (erm) we (eh) we st study different things and we have sort of made our own choices whether she studies something else and I study English and  so you sort of move choose chosen your . <tuts> w way to go in life and .. she's not there  she  does something else 
1:   
2:   so so yeah I think we grow apart . but not (mm) you know very 
1:  yes 
2: distant so 
1: no 
2: no 
1: you'll always be close  to your 
2:  yeah 
1: twin  sister 
2:  yeah ..  (erm) 
1:  what about the idea of marrying a twin 
2: (eh) no   no  
1:   why not  you know it would be a nice double marriage 
2:  yeah  no . I don't know why . people ar ask me whether I want to marry . another twin but I say no . never .. I don't know why . but 
1: you've had enough of  twins 
2:  yeah (mm) 
1: (mm) 
2: (mm) 
1: well . perhaps that's enough 
2: (mhm) .. all right 
1: yeah 
2: oh 
